The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of a pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Normal chest x-. Positive TB test None.
Borderline cardiomegaly. Midline sternotomy . Enlarged pulmonary arteries. Clear lungs. Inferior . No acute pulmonary findings. Preop bariatric surgery. None.
No displaced rib fractures, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. rib pain after a , steps this . Pain to R back, R elbow and R rib , no previous heart or lung hx, non-, no hx ca
There are diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease and bullous emphysema. There are irregular opacities in the left lung apex, that could represent a cavitary lesion in the left lung apex.There are streaky opacities in the right upper lobe, scarring. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 1. Bullous emphysema and interstitial fibrosis. 2. Probably scarring in the left apex, although difficult to exclude a cavitary lesion. 3. Opacities in the bilateral upper lobes could represent scarring, however the absence of comparison exam, recommend short interval followup radiograph or CT thorax to document resolution. -year-old with . None available
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Cholecystectomy clips are present. Small T-spine osteophytes. There is biapical pleural thickening, unchanged from prior. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest and nasal congestion.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There is no focal airspace consolidation or suspicious pulmonary opacity. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Evaluate for infection ,
The cardiac contours are normal. basilar atelectasis. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Lower cervical arthritis. Basilar atelectasis. No confluent lobar consolidation or pleural effusion. Preop lumbar surgery ,
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is an interim cervical spinal fusion partly evaluated. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with on . Dyspnea. History of mitral valve prolapse. Two views of the chest dated .
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. There has been apparent interval increase in low density convexity at the left cardiophrenic . Calcified granuloma is again seen in the right upper lobe. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Increased size of density in the left cardiophrenic . Primary differential considerations include increased size of prominent epicardial fat, pericardial mass, pleural mass or cardiac aneurysm. CT chest with contrast is recommended. These findings and recommendations were discussed . by Dr. telephone at p.m. /. Dr. <>technologist receipt of the results. Chest pain today. History of stent placement 7+ years ago. CT image , CT abdomen which included the lower thorax .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Stable calcified granuloma within the right upper lung. No acute bone abnormality.. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male, chest pain. Chest radiographs .
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Fatigue, weakness, anterior chest pain
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. Otherwise, there is no focal opacity. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Borderline enlargement of the cardiac silhouette without acute pulmonary disease. Chest pain. Chest radiograph from , .
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Mild hyperinflation appears similar to prior. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute findings -year-old female, chest pain
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Dyspnea
No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, chest pain. films of the chest dated .
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old male, pain
Heart size is normal. There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, stable compared with prior. No focal airspace disease or effusion. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary process. , preop for abdominal aortic aneurysm repair CT chest angiography,
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There are no focal air space opacities. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable appearance of the chest. -year-old female with . PA lateral chest radiograph, .
Heart size normal. Mediastinal silhouettes and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Calcified lingular granuloma. No focal consolidations or pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Breast implants there is a moderate wedge deformity of the midthoracic vertebrae, T6, age-indeterminate. Patient confused. Possible head injury.
The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with for 3 weeks. None available
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of active disease. Nausea, vomiting, preop for surgery
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. There is incompletely evaluated lumbar levoscoliosis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. , dyspnea None.
The heart is within normal limits in size. Surgical suture material projects over the right lung apex. The lungs are hyperlucent and hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. There is left lower lobe airspace disease identified. There is moderate left pleural effusion and small right pleural effusion. No visualized pneumothorax. 1. Left lower lobe airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. This may be secondary to inhalational injury. Recommend followup to ensure complete resolution. year old smoking on oxygen and nasal cannula caught . to the cheek and inside of nose. PA and lateral chest and CTA .
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. None.
Lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Hyperexpanded but clear lungs. Chronic
Bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities noted. Interval improvement in left base consolidative opacity. Pulmonary vascular congestion again noted. Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable left . No evidence of pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. 1. Interval improvement in consolidative left base opacity. Multifocal scattered bibasilar patchy and pulmonary opacities again noted, most consistent with atelectasis/infiltrate. 2. Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable pulmonary vascular congestion. . -year-old male, shortness of breath. Portable chest dated .
Borderline heart size. Elevated left diaphragm. Clear right lung. Tracheostomy tube tip above the carina. Extensive airspace disease in the left base. No large effusion or pneumothorax. , hypoxia. ,
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Negative for pneumoperitoneum. Bony thorax and soft tissue grossly unremarkable Negative acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with chest pain.
Suggestion of slightly more prominent interstitial markings, which may represent some bronchitic/bronchiolitis changes. No suspicious nodules, pneumonia, effusions, or CHF. Stable mediastinal contour. DYSPNEA Comparison , .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild blunting of right costophrenic . The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. No acute disease. WEAKNESS OF MUSCLES; hx nodules; for changes in lungs
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Left axillary surgical clips. Bony structures are intact. No active pulmonary disease. Six months of . None.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old with chest pain. None.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There multilevel degenerative changes of thoracic spine. Emphysema, however no acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old female with breast mass and smoking history. PA and lateral chest redressed
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with chest pain, rule out pneumonia.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. opacities in right mid lung. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. No acute disease. HYPOXIA;
Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. , and shortness of breath for 3 days
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. diminished breath sounds throughout , .
Mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. Numerous bilateral rib deformities. No focal airspace disease. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or effusion. Large, flowing anterior endplate osteophytes of the thoracic spine. Emphysema with no acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with peripheral edema. PA and lateral views of the chest from .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. No interval change in the diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and left lung base. These opacities appear slightly increased as compared to prior examination. Mild left-sided volume loss redemonstrated, unchanged. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. 1. Slight interval worsening of the diffusely increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and the left lung base. These findings are most consistent with slight interval worsening of the patient's known interstitial lung disease. 2. Stable, mild left-sided volume loss. . -year-old male with history of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis presents for evaluation. Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated .
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . The patient is a -year-old female with chest pain. None available.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. dyspnea , .
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with for 5 days. Previously seen for vomiting and ear pain. None.
Stable cardiomegaly with vascular prominence without overt edema. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. Stable cardiomegaly without overt pulmonary edema. Edema. Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral , .
No comparison chest x-. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. V76.12 SCREENING MAMMOGRAM ,no hx ca or implants,466.0 ACUTE BRONCHITIS
Heart size is within normal limits. Coronary artery stent noted. No edema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild nonspecific biapical pleural thickening. Clips from prior cholecystectomy are noted. Kidney transplant evaluation ,
The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is an 8mm nodule in the left lower lobe, calcified granuloma. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Bony structures of the thorax are intact with minimal early degenerative change. 1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. 8mm nodule in the left lung base, calcified granuloma. -year-old female with . None.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is a calcified granuloma identified in the right suprahilar region. The aorta is mildly tortuous and ectatic. There is asymmetric right apical smooth pleural thickening. There are severe degenerative changes of the . No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with osteoarthritis of the hip scheduled for total hip replacement. Preoperative evaluation. None.
A lung volumes. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. Degenerative changes in the spine. Cardiomegaly with low lung volumes which are grossly clear. pt with sob,
Heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lung . Lungs are clear bilaterally otherwise. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. preop Chest 2 views from , . .
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with chest pain
There extremely low lung volumes. there is right basilar opacity. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Low lung volumes with right basilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Dizziness, hypoxia. PA and lateral views of the chest on , .
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta noted. Scattered calcified granulomas are seen without evidence of active granulomatous/tuberculous process. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman, prior to Enbrel therapy.. None.
Lung lines remain low. However, no focal infiltrates are identified. Heart and pulmonary are normal. change. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. chest pain , .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. loss,
The tracheostomy tube tip is 5 cm above the carina. There are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, stable from prior radiographs. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. 1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Prominent bilateral interstitial opacities, stable from prior radiographs. -year-old female with history of pneumonia, followup study
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. Mild scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted. No acute disease. Left arm numbness
The cardiac silhouette, mediastinum, and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. There is stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Lungs are clear. No pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. Cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant. No acute abnormalities are seen. . -year-old male with history of cell, back pain ,
Stable appearance of hiatal hernia. Clear right lung .In the left superior lower lobe there is a 1.9 x 1.8 cm round area of density which has increased in size compared to prior chest radiograph and recommend a chest, abdomen and pelvis with contrast as this area is suspicious for potential malignancy. Normal cardiac contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. 1. Round area of density measuring 1.9 x 1.8 cm in left superior lower lobe with interval increased size compared to prior imaging. Recommend chest, abdomen and pelvis with contrast for further evaluation. Dr. notified by the Veriphy critical result notification of the left pulmonary mass and recommended followup chest, abdomen and pelvis with contrast at /. -year-old male for preop evaluation. Chest radiograph /.
3 cm calcified right paratracheal lymph node. This most due to old histoplasmosis. Heart size is normal. Lungs clear chest pain
Status post sternotomy and CABG. Heart size is normal. Coronary vascular stent. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. Calcified mediastinal lymph . Normal pulmonary vascularity. Degenerative changes of the spine. No acute abnormality. . Chest pain
Stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity, stable mediastinal contours. No definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. Following spine ossifications and marginal osteophytes again noted. Chronic changes as described, no acute findings -year-old female, pain, short of breath
2 images. Heart size upper limits of normal. Mediastinal contours are maintained. The patient is mildly rotated. There is a small to moderate sized right apical pneumothorax which measures approximately 2.0 cm. No focal airspace consolidation is seen. Left chest is clear. No definite displaced bony injury is seen. Results called . p.m. , . Small to moderate right apical pneumothorax. . MVC. None. Clinical
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Deformity of the right clavicle related to remote is again seen. Visualized upper abdomen grossly unremarkable. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain. .
Chest. Both lungs are clear and expanded with no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations. Heart and mediastinum remain normal. Lumbosacral spine. , disc spaces, and alignment are normal. Sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal. 1. Chest. No active disease. 2. Lumbar spine negative. Hematemesis; BACK PAIN 724.5 , .
There are low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No focal infiltrate or effusion. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. No displaced fracture identified. Low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No acute abnormality. -year-old, MVA, chest pain None.
Rib films. No fractures or dislocations. Chest. Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. No effusion or pneumothorax. Minimal degenerative disease thoracic spine rib pain. Left rib left chest pain.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old chest pain, , sore throat. PA and lateral chest .
Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Clear lungs. chest pain
The heart is upper limits of normal in size. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old right shoulder and back pain after a vehicle .. None.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. Negative acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain Chest x-, .
Improved basilar aeration. Persistent small bilateral pleural effusions, on the right, small on the left with some associated left basilar atelectasis. Lungs otherwise clear. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. Changes of emphysema. No acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. cirrhosis. Comparison .
Lungs appear to be clear other than a calcified granuloma on left. Heart is not enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. There is increased kyphosis of the thoracic spine and there are multiple deformities. A stimulator is seen. No acute pulmonary disease. Multiple thoracic deformities due to osteoporosis. Bilateral rib pain and shortness of breath.
The heart size is stable. The aorta is ectatic and atherosclerotic but stable. sternotomy are again noted. The scarring in the left lower lobe is again noted and unchanged from prior exam. There are mild bilateral prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease. The calcified granulomas are stable. 1. Changes of emphysema and left lower lobe scarring, both stable. 2. Unchanged degenerative and atherosclerotic changes of the thoracic aorta. -year-old with chest pain. ,
Apparent scarring within the lingula. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Apparent scarring within the lingula, otherwise unremarkable. Pilonidal cyst, preop evaluation. None.
Stable silhouette. No pneumothorax. No focal consolidation. No large pleural effusion. Unchanged pleural thickening at the visualized lung apices. Mild osteopenia, degenerative changes. No fractures. PAIN;
Heart size normal. Right lung clear. Minimal basilar atelectasis on the left History of .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Flank pain and dyspnea None available.
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. and .
No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Left axillary surgical clips unchanged Visualized of the chest are within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. PAIN IN THORACIC SPINE Pain started in leg area two weeks ago now having severe pain in upper back area rt side. HF Chest x-
Lumbar spine. No fractures. No dislocations. Disc spaces are normal. No degenerative disease. Clips in the gallbladder region. Thoracic spine. No fractures or dislocations. No significant degenerative disease. Chest. Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No effusion or pneumothorax. pain and spine and chest after
There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No free subdiaphragmatic air. Low lung volumes. No acute pulmonary disease. year-old male with dyspnea, chemical exposure. None.
There are scattered calcified granulomas. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are degenerative changes of the spine. No evidence of active disease. Status post cardiac catheterization.
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. year old male, preoperative evaluation for hemorrhoidectomy. None available.
No focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No free subdiaphragmatic air. No acute pulmonary disease. -year-old male with wheezing. None.
Heart is mildly heart enlarged. Mediastinal contour normal. There is mild diffuse interstitial prominence suggestive of edema. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of the the spine. 1. Findings consistent with mild congestive heart failure. Worsening dyspnea, history of coronary artery disease
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female chest pain. Chest x- on
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are degenerative changes of the spine. No evidence of active disease. -year-old female, preoperative evaluation.
Minimal right-to-left cardiomediastinal shift. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. There is a moderate sized right pneumothorax. This measures 3.2 cm at the level the right apex. Moderate sized right pneumothorax. There is minimal right-to-left cardiomediastinal shift, suggesting . Chest pain, right arm numbness
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusions seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old female, bleed
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Negative for pneumoperitoneum. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain Chest CT, .
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are similar to comparison exam and within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old with chest pain. .
There is a single calcified granuloma in the right lung base. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear bilaterally. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. There are cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Small T-spine osteophytes are noted. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Dyspnea ,
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease ,786.2
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. None.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Reduced lung volumes with basilar atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Chest pain shortness of breath for 3 days. The patient's lower abdomen was shielded for this exam. , .
Normal heart and mediastinum. Clear lungs. Trachea is midline. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Radiopaque foreign body overlying left chest. No acute abnormality. -year-old with increasing dyspnea. None.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. None.
The heart is again mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable. Patient is somewhat rotated. The lungs are hypoinflated with elevated left hemidiaphragm. opacities compatible with atelectasis. No large effusion is seen. There is no focal consolidation. Pulmonary vascularity is mildly accentuated. There are bilateral degenerative changes of the with probable chronic dislocation of the left humerus. Correlate clinically. 1. Mild stable cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion. 2. Low lung volumes with elevated left hemidiaphragm and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. 3. Extensive bilateral shoulder degenerative changes with subluxation/dislocation left shoulder, possibly chronic. Suggest clinical correlation. Chest pain
Normal heart size. Clear, hyperaerated lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. substernal density may be related to a pectus deformity. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Syncope. attack. None.
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac contour is within normal limits. Compared to prior exam, there is prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum. This may represent the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. CT chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation. There are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum possibly representing the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. CT chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation. -year-old female with . Chest 2 view dated .
There are minimal left basilar opacities, subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. Cardiac defibrillator overlies the right ventricle. The appears intact. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. Multiple calcified splenic granulomas are also noted. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. Minimal left basilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. No acute findings. -year-old male with for 3 weeks. Possible pneumonia.
Heart size within normal limits. Stable position of left subclavian central venous catheter. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax. Mild blunting of the costophrenic bilaterally. bilateral effusions. -year-old female with hypoxia. Portable chest from .
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. No acute cardiopulmonary process. If there is concern for soft tissue bone or bony abnormality of the thorax, . , on anterior midline chest for one knee are None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is Within normal limits the lungs are hypoinflated. There is mild increase in perihilar markings related to patient's history bronchitis. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen. Low lung volumes with increased lung markings particularly in the left perihilar region related to history of bronchitis. No acute infiltrate. x3 weeks and history of bronchitis
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. Negative preoperative chest x-. Preoperative bariatric surgery. ,
Unchanged loculated right pleural fusion. No change chronic interstitial lung disease. recent onset increased SOB
Previous lower spine cervical fusion. Lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. Hyperexpanded but clear lungs. PT C/O INCREASED SHORTNESS OF BREATH
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There are two subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung. These may represent on end or alternatively, calcified granulomas. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain. None.
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidations. The osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with asthma.
The lungs are clear. There is hyperinflation of the lungs. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. COPD. No acute pulmonary disease. Right arm pain since this .
Stable postsurgical changes. Heart , mediastinum and lung are unremarkable. Stable calcified small granuloma in left base. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease Chest pain. CT chest from 2, 23, .
Comparison , . No suspicious appearing lung nodules. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest. ,174.9 breast cancer. .
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. This is most concerning for pneumonia. Recommend follow up to ensure resolution. year old with a . None.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Right arm numbness. Right-sided chest pain for 2 . for 7 years. The patient's lower abdomen was shielded for this exam. , .
Low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces.. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.. Low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal cardiopulmonary disease. . -year-old male with syncope. Chest .
Heart size and vascularity normal. Lungs are clear. No effusions. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures unremarkable. Normal chest. Correlation with ventilation/perfusion scan, chest pain, elevated CCK levels. None.
No comparison chest x-. Minimal lingular scarring. Overall, Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. TRANSPLANT/ EKG
Mild cardiomegaly. Tortuous aorta. No focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left. Asymmetric right medial apical opacity which may be attributable to the sternoclavicular joint. Upper lobe airspace disease or pulmonary nodule is not entirely excluded. Recommend chest and apical lordotic view of the chest to further evaluate. Findings and recommendations were discussed . in the department at a.m. /. Frequent . None available.
Large left pleural effusion with minimal residual left lung aeration. Small right pleural effusion. Right lung bronchovascular crowding and indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to crowding, infiltrates or pulmonary edema. Limited assessment of heart size due to obscured heart . -year-old female, short of breath, hypoxia
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. sternotomy changes are again noted. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. There is no pleural effusion. No acute disease. LYMPHOMA BMT W/U LAB;
Vague increased opacity which appears to be within the left lower lobe. Question of this could be developing or resolving pneumonia. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable normal size heart. Atherosclerotic vascular disease. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Vague opacity at the left lung base which appears to be within the left lower lobe. This may represent resolving or developing pneumonia given the patient's history. Shortness of breath
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Calcified granuloma in the left lung base. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. very mild episodes of dyspnea over year with L shoulder injury None.
Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. No focal consolidation. Prominent interstitial markings are again noted which are predominantly lower lobe and peripheral suggesting pulmonary fibrosis. This appearance is overall not significantly . No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with atherosclerotic vascular disease. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. 1. Overall stable appearance of the chest suggesting pulmonary fibrosis. Recent loss.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Hemoptysis None available
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There is a left chest with tip projecting over the lower SVC. There is deformity within the midthoracic spine. Clear lungs. deformities within the midthoracic spine. . Multiple myeloma. BMT W/U; None.
There is a calcified granuloma in the right midlung zone. Lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. Surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant. No acute pulmonary disease. Left-sided chest pain for 2 days.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. BMT W/U;
Calcified granulomata are present in the right middle lobe and right upper lobe. These are unchanged since the previous examination. Both lungs are free of active infiltrates. Heart size normal. No active disease. , wheezing, copd, , edema , .
The lungs are grossly clear without focal pneumonic consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. Clear lungs Chest pain
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest chest pain None.
Some opacities left mid lung compatible with focal subsegmental atelectasis/scarring. No acute airspace disease or effusions. Heart appears prominent. Some tortuosity thoracic aorta. Midline retrocardiac opacity suggestive of a small hiatal hernia. Bronchitis. No comparison chest x-.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute preoperative findings. Preop bariatric surgery ,
The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. A lobulated opacity is identified superior to the heart, in the anterior mediastinum on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuous/ectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. The thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Severe degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. Lobulated anterior mediastinal opacity on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuous/ectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. Contrast-enhanced examination would to further evaluate if clinically indicated. 2. Mild cardiomegaly with findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. -year-old female with shortness of breath. None available.
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old with shortness of breath. .
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are stable and within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Specifically, no radiographic evidence of active tuberculosis. Screening for pulmonary tuberculosis
The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart is normal. Calcified right hilar and infracarinal lymph are seen. The skeletal structures are normal. Old granulomatous disease. No acute pulmonary disease. Preop back surgery.
Overall low lung volumes with mild patchy bibasilar airspace disease. This most represents atelectasis given the low lung volumes. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Mild patchy bibasilar airspace disease most representing atelectasis given the low lung volumes.
Right costophrenic is blunted. In the left lower lobe a patchy infiltrate is present. The pulmonary are normal. Large right pleural effusion and patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. dyspnea
Heart size and mediastinal contour are stable and within normal limits allowing for rotation. Pulmonary vascularity is normal.&gt;] Lung volumes are low. No focal airspace disease or effusion. Expansile lesion of the right posterior 9th rib represents sequelae of known multiple myeloma. Mental status changes, and hospice for multiple myeloma
The lungs are clear. Heart and pulmonary appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear and mediastinal contours are normal. Nodular density overlying the anterior left 4th rib represents a healing rib fracture. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease Preprocedure evaluation prior to bone marrow transplant
Heart size normal. Lungs clear. No edema or effusions. dyspnea None.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. No evidence of active or changes from chronic tuberculosis infection. -year-old female without chest complaints. Allergic to TB test. Six months pregnant
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. chest pain , .
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion. Chronic appearing bilateral rib contour deformities compatible with old fractures. No pneumothorax. No acute findings. -year-old female, not otherwise specified
There is a right IJ central venous catheter with tip overlying the inferior SVC. Cardiac silhouette is normal size. Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. There is a small right pleural effusion. Otherwise, lungs are without focal airspace disease. right pleural effusion. -year-old male with HIV and syphilis on hemodialysis now with . ,
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Prominent ascending aorta. Calcified left hilar . History of chest pain.
In the interval, bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and pulmonary venous engorgement have resolved. Heart size is now normal. No infiltrates. Chest. Resolving pulmonary interstitial edema and pulmonary venous hypertension. edema and lung , .
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Dyspnea. None.
Chest. The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Left and right . Osteophytes are present at the acromioclavicular joints bilaterally and also on the humeral necks. The right glenohumeral joint is normal, but the left is narrowed. No fractures or bone destruction. 1. Chest. No active disease. 2. Left and right . Bilateral degenerative joint disease, left worse than right. productive ; shoulder pain. chest x- , .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is patchy infiltrate within normal right lower lobe. Mild opacities in the retrocardiac region. No large effusions or pneumothorax. Patchy right lower lobe infiltrate as well as probable left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. Shortness of breath
Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Scattered of left base atelectasis are noted. Left -a- is in with the tip projecting over the caval atrial junction. 1. of left base atelectasis. Otherwise, clear. Ovarian carcinoma. None.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest . None.
There are no airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. There is a vague nodular like opacity in the right midlung measuring 1.2 cm projecting through the posterior 7th and 8th ribs. This may be artifact. Chest fluoroscopy would confirm this. Heart and pulmonary appear normal. There are calcified subcarinal and right hilar lymph . The pleural spaces are clear. Nodular density noted on recent PA chest radiograph represents an artifact. No nodules noted within the lungs on a recent outside from . ,724.5
The Cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. The Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old with shortness of breath. , .
There is some minimal biapical scarring. A calcified granuloma is present in the right middle lobe. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. No acute pulmonary disease. since last
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified lymph and granuloma are noted. Mild degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. No evidence of active disease. examination. .
Both lungs are clear and expanded. An old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. starting treatment with humira, r/o tb
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrates stable mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine as well as chronic left-sided rib fractures without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with shortness of breath, . Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. and congestion None.
Exam is technically limited by patient's body habitus. Lung volumes are decreased. No evidence of acute airspace disease, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is stable. . Status post right total knee arthroplasty
Comparison , . Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest. pa/lat cxr,786.2
Elevated right hemidiaphragm. Clear lungs. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal with tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. Generative changes within the spine. In the upper lumbar spine there is an age-indeterminate wedge of a vertebral body. 1. Heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs. 2. Age-indeterminate deformity of an upper lumbar spine vertebral body. worsening dyspnea
Low lung volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Calcified bilateral hilar lymph , greater on the left. No acute osseous findings. Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Chest pain
There is a left-sided PICC with tip at the caval atrial junction. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Stable short segment catheter tubing overlying the left , to reside within anterior chest soft tissues on recent chest CT. Stable remote posttraumatic changes of multiple right ribs. 1. Left PICC tip at cavoatrial junction. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. CT chest , chest x- . Chest x- .
Mild cardiomegaly unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous aorta. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Unchanged elevated right hemidiaphragm with minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. Minimal left basal airspace opacity. Unchanged blunting of the right lateral costophrenic , scarring versus effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings. Minimal left base atelectasis/infiltrate. Otherwise, stable exam. Nausea and vomiting
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings. Preop anesthesia ,
The heart size is enlarged. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Calcification is seen within the aortic . interstitial opacities. There are no nodules or masses. Stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas. No visible pneumothorax. Bilateral costophrenic blunting, left worse than right. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. Cardiomegaly with bilateral interstitial opacities. 2. Bilateral effusions and/or atelectasis, right worse than left. -year-old female with dyspnea. PA and lateral chest x- dated .
Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable with atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. Diffusely coarsened interstitial markings are noted consistent with chronic lung disease, with worsened patchy opacities and a left apex and right base. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Changes of chronic interstitial lung disease with ill-defined patchy left apical and right basilar airspace disease. PA and lateral chest radiograph may be of benefit clinically feasible. -year-old woman, hypoxia. Frontal chest radiograph dated , .
No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized of the chest are within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Dyspnea and Radiograph from .
Normal heart size mediastinal contours. Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, COPD, , . Chest x- ,
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Patchy airspace opacities in the left lower lobe, compatible with infiltrate. No large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Left lower lobe infiltrate. . None.
Heart size within normal limits. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. There is mild increased airspace opacity within the right lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.. No visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Multilevel degenerative disease of the spine. Low lung volumes with airspace disease within the right lung base. Followup radiographs following treatment is recommended to document resolution. -year-old male, . None.
PA and lateral views were obtained. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. A 5 mm stable right apical nodule. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Body aches
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated. Increased opacities on lateral projection reflect bronchovascular crowding. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. No acute disease. HYPERTENSION; preop hernia repair
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. No evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies. year old woman, question swallowed foreign body ( ). None available.
Normal heart size. Stable tortuous aorta. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity. Prior granulomatous disease. Unchanged exam without acute abnormality. Dizziness and confusion. .
1. No residual right pleural effusion identified status post thoracentesis. No pneumothorax. 2. Mediastinum, cardiac size grossly stable. 3. Small to moderate left-sided pleural effusion, increased compared to prior chest radiograph. Left lung base atelectasis/airspace disease. Status post right thoracentesis Chest x-,
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a 1 cm focal opacity in the right lung apex incompletely evaluated by this exam. There is minimal left basilar opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis. There are degenerative changes of the spine. 1 cm of apical opacity, scarring versus nodule. A noncontrast is indicated for further characterization. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. -year-old with preop evaluation for a herniated disc. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. There is no obvious lytic or destructive lesion. No displaced rib fracture is evident. No acute disease. Right sided rib pain. Rule out infiltrate
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . None.
Low lung volumes. Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. No focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Mild thoracic spine degenerative change. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. and congestion ,
This is an apical lordotic view the chest. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary process Chest pain , right arm numbness None.
Heart size upper limits of normal. Small amount of left basilar airspace disease. The right lung is clear. There are no cavitary lesions seen. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. Left basilar atelectasis and/or infiltrate, with no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. -year-old male, rule out tuberculosis. Two-view chest from .
Clear lungs bilaterally. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal cardiac contours 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities -year-old female with coughing and wheezing. None.
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal. Unremarkable radiographs of the chest. Chest pain and shortness of breath.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear without evidence of effusion or infiltrate. There is a small right lower lobe calcified granuloma that is unchanged from prior examinations. No acute bony abnormality. No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. 1. Hyperexpanded lungs. . Two-view chest x- from .
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Chest pain.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. Dyspnea and loss.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is minimal airspace opacity in the right middle lobe, atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear of focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta with atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic . There are moderate degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Medical , aspiration. None.
AP and lateral view of the chest. 1. Cardiomegaly with central vascular congestion and increased interstitial opacities suggesting mild interstitial pulmonary edema. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions. 3. No visible pneumothorax. Back and chest pain. Chest x-
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Chest pain
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest . None.
Stable normal heart size. Elevated right diaphragm. Lungs are clear.
Chest Comparison: There is a 2.6 cm diameter masslike density over the lingula partial obscuration left cardiac . There may be some ill-defined opacity in the right mid and lower lung zone. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart is borderline enlarged. The aorta is dilated and tortuous. Arthritic changes of the spine are present. Pelvis and left hip There is an impacted and rotated fracture through the neck of the femur on the left. No pelvic fracture is seen. Arthritic changes are present in the lower lumbar spine. Large amount of stool and obscures portions of the pelvis. Femur The femoral images do not the area of the hip fracture. The remaining portions of the femur appear to be intact with no fracture or destructive process. Extensive atherosclerotic vascular disease throughout the superficial femoral artery is present. Left knee There is osteoporosis and mild arthritic changes. No fracture is seen. No dislocation is identified. Severe atherosclerotic changes of the superficial femoral and popliteal artery are seen. Chest. 1. Left lower lobe nodule which is worrisome. If there are no prior films available for comparison scan for further evaluation. Pelvis and left hip. Rotated subcapital fracture left hip. Femur. 1. No fracture the remaining portions of the femur. Left knee. 1. Normal for age. Dr. - was called and informed of these critical results at . on , increasing pain.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary process. No obvious rib fractures. . , right sided rib pain after falling on the . None.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male with for 2 months unrelieved by conservative treatment. None.
Heart size normal. Slightly tortuous calcified aorta. No pneumothorax or effusion. No evidence of aortic transection. History of vehicle collision
There are numerous surgical clips at the thoracic inlet. Small areas of scarring are seen in the left base. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. Vomiting beginning last .
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. Trachea is midline. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with pain and decreased range of motion. .
Chest: Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Hyperlucent apices. Negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Healed remote left 9th rib fracture. Right shoulder: Negative for fracture or dislocation. Chest. Right shoulder. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Negative for right shoulder fracture or dislocation. , shoulder pain AP chest dated
The 3 remain intact, and the prosthetic pulmonic valve is unchanged in position. A fourth remains disrupted. There is persistent mild to moderate cardiomegaly. The lungs appear clear. D transposition of the great ,
Stable cardiomegaly. sternotomy are intact. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. calcific density in the left mid to upper lung represents old granulomatous disease. No focal consolidation. Stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. 1. Stable cardiomegaly with no focal airspace disease. 2. Stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. . -year-old female with pulmonary regurgitation. Chest x- and lateral from .
The cardiac silhouette is enlarged and has a globular appearance. Mild bibasilar dependent atelectasis. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality. Cardiomegaly with globular appearance of the cardiac silhouette. Considerations would include pericardial effusion or dilated cardiomyopathy. -year-old woman with onset of chest pain
Normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. No of pleural effusions. No infiltrates. Normal X- of chest. . Dyspnea.
Heart size is unchanged. Aortic calcification is noted. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. There are unchanged opacities throughout the lungs which represent scarring. Lungs are hyperexpanded. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Stable chronic lung disease. . -year-old female with
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No x- evidence of pulmonary metastatic disease. Stable appearance of the chest. Melanoma ,
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Left-sided chest is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. Numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules have increased in size and number compared to prior study. The dominant nodule/mass in the left midlung is also mildly increased. There is no pleural effusion. Interval increase in size and number of innumerable bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with worsening metastatic disease. Metastatic colon cancer , 10
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Atherosclerotic aorta. Mild blunting left costophrenic recess, possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. No confluent lobar consolidation or large volume pleural effusion. Thoracic spondylosis. Mild blunting left costophrenic recess, possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. Preop lumbar spine surgery None.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. Chronic .
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute findings -year-old female, short of breath, chest pain
Clear lungs. Normal heart. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Old right rib fractures. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with dyspnea. .
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . -year-old male with , shortness breath, and asthma. None.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. Preop anesthesia None.
Heart is enlarged. There is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. Mild diffuse interstitial opacities bilaterally, predominantly in the bases, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. and soft tissues are unremarkable. Cardiomegaly with pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural effusions. . -year-old male with dyspnea, chest pain Chest
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Surgical is noted in the right upper quadrant. Subcutaneous emphysema seen along the neck bilaterally, right lateral upper abdomen, and left chest. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Subcutaneous emphysema of the neck, left lateral chest, and right lateral abdominal soft tissues noted. . -year-old male, status post pyeloplasty. None available.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mediastinal calcification and dense right upper lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old female, , of breath, chest pain
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable lingular nodule, presumably granuloma . No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or interval airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. , dyspnea ,
Atrial septal occluder artifact. Rotated frontal position, overall heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. densities in the left base, small focal opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic . Biapical pleuroparenchymal irregularities most compatible with scarring, chronic appearing right 5th rib contour deformity. No pneumothorax seen. 1. densities in left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis 2. Abnormal opacity in the right base due at in part to atelectasis with right hemidiaphragm eventration, question small right pleural effusion -year-old female, post closure
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without focal consolidation or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No layering pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen on decubitus exam. Chest x-, lateral, and decubitus. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. No evidence of pleural effusion. . The patient is a year-old male with left-sided chest pain. Chest x-, 2 views PA and lateral from .
There is a left-sided biventricular pacemaker. Leads overlie the right ventricle and a lateral cardiac vein. The leads appear intact. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are mild diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, pulmonary edema. There are opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal view. No large pleural effusion is seen on the lateral view. No pneumothorax is identified. 1. Left-sided biventricular cardiac pacemaker. Leads appear intact. No pneumothorax. 2. Cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema. 3. opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal view, possibly lingular atelectasis or infiltrate. No large pleural effusion. Status post pacemaker implantation
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female diffuse chest pain. None available.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are numerous calcified granuloma in the right perihilar region. There are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old female with . None.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Shortness of breath. .
Heart upper limits normal. Lungs are clear. No effusions. No nodules masses or infiltrates. No bony abnormalities. x1
Chest. There is no change in the strandy scarring in the right apex. No infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart and mediastinum remain normal. Lumbosacral spine. disc spaces are old narrow, and large osteophytes present on the vertebral bodies, worst at L2-L3. elements from L4 through S1 are sclerotic. Sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal. Calcific aortic disease is present. 1. Chest. No change right upper lobe scar. No acute disease. 2. Lumbosacral spine. Multiple levels of advanced degenerative disc disease and arthritis. low back pn , .
The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. chest pain
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . -year-old female with syncope
Heart size normal and lungs are clear rule out infiltrates
Heart , mediastinum, , bony structures and lung are unremarkable. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease Chest pain. None.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate left upper lobe airspace disease most pneumonia. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. Left upper lobe pneumonia. with none
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. Chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain, dyspnea. None.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. There is a small calcified granuloma in the right midlung. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The patient is a -year-old male with left upper abdominal pain. None.
Lobulated right middle lobe mass measuring 4.5 x 6.8 cm, increased in size compared to prior study, most compatible with neoplasm. Otherwise, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. 1. Interval enlargement of right middle lobe mass, highly suspicious for malignancy. Recommend CT of the chest/abdomen with intravenous contrast for further evaluation. 2. Otherwise clear lungs. Dr. notified of the critical results at on , by telephone and acknowledged receipt of these results. -year-old male, chest pain. , .
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. No evidence of active disease. -year-old female with persistent for 6 months.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild hyperinflation is noted. There are granulomatous sequela. No acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted. The costophrenic are excluded. No acute disease. Chest pain
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old chest pain, sent from Lab. PA and lateral chest .
Redemonstration of moderate left pneumothorax which is unchanged from comparison. Left pleural catheter is again seen overlying the left upper lung at the level of the left 5th and 6th ribs. No focal consolidation. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No change in moderate left pneumothorax with left pleural drainage catheter again seen overlying the left upper lung. -year-old male, status post chest tube with pneumothorax , at hours
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. Scattered thoracic spine spurring. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old female MVA, chest pain
Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours are normal. Osseous structures intact. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain
Postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib. Residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe. The lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses. Heart and mediastinum are normal. Postoperative left upper lobe. No visible active cardiopulmonary disease. hx tumors removed lungs , possible nodular denisities at OSH
Midline sternotomy identified. Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly normal. Airspace opacity in posterior segment on the lateral view. Osseous structures are grossly intact. Posterior airspace opacity consistent with developing infection. -year-old male with . None.
Overall hyperexpanded lungs with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. Hyperexpanded but clear lungs. pt is a who presents with fatigue
The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette or normal in size and contour. There is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old male with history of prolonged intubation and anesthesia induction. CT thorax with intravenous contrast .
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. There is a stable the electronic device any left anterior chest wall. There are advanced degenerative changes in the bilaterally. There is a 38 mm lucency in the right humeral head with geographic 1A margins. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Lucent lesion with thin sclerotic margin in the right humeral head. Considering the associated degenerative changes, a large geode is most . If further imaging is desired, dedicated views of the shoulder may be helpful for further characterization. Hypertension , .
No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old male, dyspnea. Chest x- dated .
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. No evidence of active disease. Preop evaluation for surgery. None.
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. The are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Chest pain ,
Heart , mediastinum, , bony structures and lung are unremarkable. No significant interval change compared to prior study, no infiltrates noted. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease Productive
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcifications are present in the aortic . 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild cardiomegaly, atherosclerotic disease. Hypertension, dizzy None.
Endotracheal tube and NG tube have been removed. Mild patchy bilateral airspace disease. There are small bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinum are stable with normal size heart. Degenerative changes in the spine. Small bilateral pleural effusions with a few scattered areas of patchy bilateral airspace disease. pt with .please for infiltrates
There is a right upper lobe opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and are normal. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. Right upper lobe pneumonia.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. . Difficulty breathing and
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Chest pain, renal failure. Anterior chest pain. Dehydrated, EtOH. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old male. Left chest pain. Alleged physical assault. None.
The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. No evidence of active disease. -year-old male with
Heart size mildly to moderately enlarged. Mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with mild bronchovascular crowding, right greater than left, indistinct vascular margination. No definite focal alveolar consolidation, no pleural effusion demonstrated. 1. Cardiomegaly 2. Indistinct vascular margination which may be secondary to bronchovascular crowding however differential diagnosis includes mild pulmonary edema, atypical infection, inflammation -year-old female, chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine with an age-indeterminate, mild wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2., Mild, age-indeterminate wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. -year-old male with . None.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain, dyspnea Chest 2 views PA and lateral , a.m.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old , , preop.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Mild biapical scarring is identified. There is a nodular density in the right midlung which is stable from prior studies and noted to represent a granuloma on of . However, additional foci in the right upper lung are questioned. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. No acute disease. Vague right upper/mid lung nodular densities versus scarring and superimposed structures. CT may be warranted given patient's history. Breast cancer, r/o
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Heart size normal. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures intact. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old female with
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. . Swimmer. None.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. chest pain , .
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. dyspnea None.
Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Preop hernia repair, asthma. None.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified. Normal chest film. Palpitations Radiograph from
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture. No discrete projectile visualized. Contrast within the bilateral renal collecting systems. Contrast also probably within the left colon. Negative for acute abnormality. Discrete projectile not seen. -year-old male. Gunshot wound. None.
Heart size is top normal. Tortuous aorta. No edema. Patchy left upper right basilar atelectasis. No pneumothorax. Right hilar surgical clips. Altered mental status
Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Calcified left suprahilar . The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
Heart size is normal. The lungs are grossly clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No overt edema. No acute abnormality. Dyspnea, nausea and vomiting, ,
Heart size appears within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. Radiodensity overlying the middle cardiac silhouette, representing a hiatal hernia. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . None.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, right chest tip in the low SVC. Monitoring device artifacts. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute findings -year-old female, infection,
The lungs are clear. There are multiple surgical seen near the apical regions and lower cervical region bilaterally. The heart and mediastinum are normal. There is a screw in the right shoulder. The soft tissues are normal. 1. No active disease. 2. There are numerous small surgical clips seen overlying the upper thorax bilaterally and the lower cervical region of uncertain significance. Occasional chest pain and shortness of breath.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is a vague area of airspace disease identified within the right midlung on the PA view. This is not well-demonstrated on the lateral view. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Vague area of focal airspace disease within the right midlung. There is raises concern for pneumonia. Recommend followup after appropriate treatment to document complete resolution. year old and sore throat. None.
Sternotomy mediastinal clips noted. Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is deformity of T6, since X- thoracic spine , . Mild deformity of T12, stable. Prior cholecystectomy. 1. No definite evidence of metastatic disease. 2. Age-indeterminate deformity of T6, since study dated , . . -year-old with history of prostate cancer None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are grossly clear. Underlying emphysematous changes are noted. Emphysema without acute disease. Shortness of breath
Limited lateral projection. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Healed distal left clavicular fracture noted. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old , EtOH abuse. None.
Heart size normal. Lungs clear. Hiatal hernia. No effusion the or pneumothorax. No pneumonia and right-sided chest pain
Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size. The lungs are hypoinflated with mild bronchovascular crowding. There is mild, opacity projected over the left lung base. This is partly due to overlying soft tissues, however, there is partial obscuration of the lateral left hemidiaphragm. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There are degenerative endplate changes throughout the thoracic spine. Low lung volumes with mild, left basilar opacity, atelectasis versus infiltrate. . Chest pain, dyspnea. , .
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. for one with vomiting ,
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. Small hiatal hernia. No acute findings. Small hiatal hernia. Preop bariatric surgery. None.
Heart size within normal limits. Mild hyperinflation of the lungs. Mild pectus excavatum deformity. Stable left mid lung calcified granuloma. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. Changes of chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old male with . Two-view chest from .
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Clear lungs bilaterally. No pneumothorax or large effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mild spine curvature again noted. No acute findings -year-old male, pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is Stable. Rectal balloon is noted. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated. There is again eventration of the hemidiaphragms/ Bochdalek hernia, posteriorly as seen on the lateral projection. Bilateral pleural thickening is noted. There are streaky opacities in the lung bases unchanged, chronic atelectasis. Mild bilateral streaky opacities, atelectasis. No acute infiltrate. , asthma, preop hip replacement
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. A total of 3 images were obtained. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes and patient rotation. There is atelectasis. No consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified right infrahilar lymph again seen. Partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion . Lung lines without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain and shortness of breath x1 hour.
Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with chest pain on and since having stent placed last . Two views of the chest dated .
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Negative chest radiographs. 786.59. c/o focal chest pain around heart that lasts for few . occurs approx. once a month. None available.
Stable appearing right-sided the opacities. There is persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. Stable right-sided chronic lung scarring otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. PA and lateral views of the chest on .
Normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. No focal lung consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . .
Chest. The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. Thoracic spine. The examination consists of frontal, lateral and swimmers lateral radiographs of the thoracic spine. There is no evidence of fracture or malalignment. The vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. Sternum. The examination consists of 2 oblique and one lateral radiograph of the sternum. No displaced fracture demonstrated. 1. No radiographic evidence of acute thoracic . , pain. None.
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Left-sided aortic . Pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. Central airways are . No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structure are grossly unremarkable. No acute pulmonary findings. . -year-old male with history of lymphoma. ,
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged with a cardiothoracic ratio of 16.2/24.7. Diffuse coarse interstitial opacity seen throughout the lungs with perihilar and lower lobe predominance. There is right greater than left bibasilar consolidation. There are small pleural effusions, right larger than left. No evidence of pneumothorax. Dense atherosclerotic calcification seen involving the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. Enlarged cardiac silhouette with coarse perihilar and lower lobe interstitial opacities may be due to diffuse infection or heart failure. Small pleural effusions. Slurred speech, confusion, weakness, shortness of breath. None.
Low lung volumes. Normal heart size. The trachea is midline. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with shortness of breath hypoxia. .
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Old fusion of approximately T9-T10. dyspnea.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. 5 mm right apical granuloma unchanged preop inguinal hernia history of laryngeal cancer
Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No suspicious focal air space opacity. No acute abnormality. COPD. Preoperative evaluation. None available.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Dyspnea PA and lateral views of the chest on , .
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal chest exam. -year-old with persistent productive . None.
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. mild asthma
There are opacities in the left lung, subsegmental atelectasis. opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal reflect epicardial fat and overlying breast tissue. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. No acute findings. Left mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. -year-old female, preoperative evaluation
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Chronic appearing interstitial markings The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative changes of the spine. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Left flank pain history of COPD None available.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Right lung calcified densities are unchanged from prior and indicate old granulomatous disease. Otherwise, the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. chest pain chest x-, 2 views PA and lateral from .
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain No comparisons are available
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Clear lungs. chest pain
The lungs are clear. Heart size and mediastinal contours are normal. No osseous abnormalities. -year-old female with for one ,
There is stable, mild cardiomegaly with normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. There are grossly intact sternotomy and mediastinal surgical clips. There is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. Stable chronic changes. No acute findings. . , pain, . , .
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. History of tobacco use. None.
Stable borderline enlarged cardiac contour. Calcified mediastinal lymph . Prominent right paratracheal stripe. Emphysema. No active pulmonary disease. Mild spondylosis. Stable appearance of the chest, see above. COPD, asthma, cancer ,
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with hepatic encephalopathy and of abdomen. None available.
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with shortness of breath. Chest x- on
There are are streaky retrocardiac left lower lobe opacities, in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. Streaky left retrocardiac airspace opacities, in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia. , x1 . Concern for left lower lobe pneumonia on physical exam. None available.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Productive None.
Heart size is normal. Left midlung small calcified granulomas unchanged. Persistent partial middle lobe atelectasis and infiltrate seen on the lateral History of dyspnea.
A left-sided hemodialysis catheter is in with its distal tip at the right atrium. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no focal opacity. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Stable position of the left-sided hemodialysis catheter otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Shortness of breath. AP and lateral view the chest on , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female with nightsweats and . Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated .
Minimal opacities at the posterior sulci. A few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. Otherwise, The lungs are clear with granulomas and sulci. Heart size upper normal thin LV contour.Unfolded calcified aorta. T-spine small osteophytes. No pneumothorax. Similar appearance. left-sided chest pain under left breast. Three days.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. The patient was shielded. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with hemoptysis. None.
Comparison , Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest. CLL UP;
Heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. Lateral view curvilinear densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents. Diaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings -year-old female, left arm pain and nausea
Two-view chest. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Right foot. Hindfoot, midfoot, forefoot are intact with no fractures or bone destruction. 1. Chest. No active disease. 2. Right foot. Negative. hx of smoking, not feeling well ; right foot .
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable left upper lobe calcified granuloma. Heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. 1. No acute pulmonary findings. 2. Mild cardiomegaly. Preoperative renal transplant. Chest x- of .
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. is not diffuse interstitial prominence, which has chronic appearance. Cannot exclude early pulmonary edema. Two airspace consolidation or effusion. are osteopenic. No visible pneumothorax. Mild interstitial prominence, chronic though could reflect early pulmonary edema. Pain None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old male with chest pain. None.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Costochondral chest pain
Frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. The patient states that she tried and a reaction. The patient's lower abdomen was shielded for this exam. None.
Cardiac And Mediastinal Contours Are Unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. There are some minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Evidence of chronic granulomatous disease. 1. Clear lungs. -year-old female with a . , at
Heart size and mediastinal contour normal. Lungs are clear. Pulmonary vascularity normal. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Minimal degenerative changes thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Preop neck surgery None.
The heart size is enlarged. The aorta is tortuous. The pulmonary vasculature appears normal. Lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No bony abnormalities. 1. Cardiomegaly chest pain
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. Left basilar patchy opacities. Small hiatal hernia. Left basilar patchy opacities, which may represent atelectasis or infection. . and , history of breast cancer none
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Minimal scarring in both lower lobes. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Stable mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Chest x-
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The trachea is midline. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. . year old male with . None available.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. There is improvement in bilateral pulmonary edema with mild residual. There is minimal right-sided pleural effusion. Heart silhouette is not enlarged. There is calcified mediastinal lymph . There is no pneumothorax 1. Improving bilateral interstitial edema pattern. 2. Small right-sided pleural effusion. Increased O2 requirement
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. , DYSPNEA
Lung volumes are low. Prominent increased interstitial markings in both lungs are unchanged in the interval. Bullae are present both upper lobes, right worse than left. No pleural air collections. Heart size normal. Chronic interstitial and bullous disease. No acute findings. rib pain , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with history of pneumonia. Chest CT on .
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. The right heart appears obscured and there are streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities, possibly due to airspace disease or atelectasis. Otherwise, no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. Obscured right heart with streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities, possibly due to airspace disease versus atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old woman with shortness of breath. None available.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limbus vertebra noted within the partial visualized lumbar vertebral body. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Heart size is upper limits of normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female with shortness of breath. Portable chest x- dated .
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No effusion, nodules, adenopathy, or masses.
Lungs remain clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Productive .
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. Right aortic with probable aberrant left subclavian artery. This is a normal variant seen in one of 200 patients. No evidence of tuberculosis chest.
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. No focal consolidation or pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. distress none
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Chest pain. None.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified. No evidence of thoracic injury. Chest pain after
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Chest pain 11/7/
The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. Clear lungs. -year-old with dyspnea
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. , sore throat, headache
Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are grossly intact. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with shortness of breath. None.
The lungs are clear. There is hyperinflation. Calcification is seen over the anterior mediastinum a calcified lymph node at is not identified on the PA projection. The heart is normal. Arthritic changes the spine are seen. COPD and old granulomatous disease. Preop knee revision. , .
Left retrocardiac airspace disease with blunted posterior costophrenic on lateral view suggesting small pleural effusion. Normal heart size. Right PICC is unchanged with tip at the caval atrial junction. Left retrocardiac airspace disease could reflect atelectasis and possible scarring. Small left pleural effusion. -year-old male with chest pain. History of cancer. Chest radiograph .
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. wheezing and
Cardiomegaly. Left lung clear. Large right effusion. Compressive atelectasis or infiltrate in the right base dyspnea.
The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute process. Back pain
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No non-calcified nodules are identified. 1. No evidence of active disease. Bladder cancer. .
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. No evidence of active disease. Chest pain
Minimal atelectasis right base. No evidence of tuberculosis. Heart size is normal. acute mental status change Chest x- for placement
There has been interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. Moderate cardiomegaly is identified. There is mild calcification of the transverse . airspace opacities are identified with bilateral pleural effusions. 1. Interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. 2. Bibasilar airspace opacities and bilateral pleural effusions. year old dialysis catheter placement. AP and lateral chest .
The examination consists of supine and crosstable lateral radiographs of the chest. External monitor leads the thorax. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. No evidence of acute thoracic . None.
Stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. Marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis, again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. Stable prominent ovoid opacity (4.3 x 2.8 ) a large left upper lobe , reflecting a superimposed aspergilloma-as more readily demonstrated on the previous CT chest study from . No areas of alveolar airspace consolidation are identified. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. Marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis, again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. Stable suspected superimposed left upper lobe aspergilloma - as more readily demonstrated on the previous CT chest study from . year-old female with hemoptysis. History of sarcoidosis. CT chest with contrast, dated .
Normal heart size. No focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. Anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old female with chest pain. .
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. densities in the lingula may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis, scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old female,
Comparison , Clear lungs. No effusions. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. Stable chest. cp
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute findings -year-old male, chest pain
Heart size is normal. There is left hilar enlargement with partial opacification of the left upper lobe suggestive of hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. Questionable small right midlung nodule. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable. Suspected left hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. thorax for further characterization. -year-old male with shortness of breath.
Cardiomegaly is unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous calcified aorta. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No focal air space consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Changes of prior right mastectomy. Stable appearance of the chest. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Abnormal breath sounds, high blood pressure
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is a stable calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. A hiatal hernia is present that is unchanged from the prior study. are grossly unremarkable. 1. Clear lungs. 2. Stable hiatal hernia. -year-old female with shortness of breath , at
Heart size and vascularity are normal. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. No focal airspace disease or effusion. Degenerative change of the spine. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Dyspnea and right-sided arm numbness
Low lung volumes. Heart size normal. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusions. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with one of productive . None available.
Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Interval resolution of left effusion. Central venous dialysis catheter unchanged in position. Heart and mediastinal contours are normal. Osseous structures intact. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Complaining of shortness of breath
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old woman with . None.
There is a large airspace opacity in the right lower and middle lobes. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. Multilobar airspace consolidation. Shortness of breath PA and lateral chest x- dated
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There are no focal air space opacities. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There are calcified hilar lymph suggesting prior granulomatous disease. The bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male with chest pain. None.
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. No evidence of active disease. -year-old female, nonsmoker, preoperative evaluation, prolapse
There is a 7 nodular density at the left lung base. Lungs are otherwise clear. The CT scan without IV contrast could be performed for further evaluation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. 7 nodular density at the left costophrenic . Recommend CT scan for further evaluation. Prostate cancer
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. Right paratracheal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No acute osseous injury demonstrated. No acute findings. Please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted. -year-old female, alleged physical assault
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. No evidence of active disease. Hyperlipidemia. Chest . None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable small right basilar calcified granuloma. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with dyspnea and x3 days, history of asthma. Two-view chest rehabilitation dated , .
Mediastinal contours are normal. Blunting of the left costophrenic . Increased interstitial opacities.. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Diffuse interstitial lung disease with pleural effusion. Chest pain ,
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. cp , .
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax. No effusions. Multiple old right-sided rib fractures again noted. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with chest pain. Portable chest from .
Artifact in the region of the central upper abdomen. No focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. Osseous structures intact. Limited exam secondary to artifact within the upper abdomen (this does not represent free intra-abdominal ). Recommend repeat chest x-. -year-old male, chest pain.
Rotated with low lung volumes. Question left atrial enlargement, appreciated on lateral view. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. Question left atrial enlargement, appreciated on lateral view. Clear lungs. Shortness of breath None.
Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, large pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact. Calcified right hilar nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with rib injury. None available.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Clear lungs. STAB
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. Small bilateral pleural effusions are seen. Small bilateral pleural effusions. None Indication Cirrhosis Evaluate pre liver transplant
Redemonstration of interstitial opacities, consistent with patient's history of pulmonary fibrosis. Unchanged calcified granulomas at the left greater than right hilum, and in the pretracheal region. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is the upper limits of normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . intact. Interstitial markings bilaterally, pulmonary fibrosis, unchanged. . The patient is a -year-old female with .
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is a mild levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. There is mild widening of the right acromioclavicular joint which may be postsurgical or posttraumatic in . 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with a . None.
There is some minimal patchy opacity in left base which may represent atelectasis or scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear. The heart and mediastinum are normal for age. There is some arthritic changes of the skeletal structures and there has been previous rotator repair on the right. Minimal left basilar opacity most representing atelectasis or chronic scarring. Frequent . History emphysema.
Bilateral emphysematous again noted and lower lobe fibrotic changes. Postsurgical changes of the chest including CABG procedure, stable. Stable valve artifact. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No large pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes noted of the visualized thoracic spine. Nodular right lower lobe opacity, nipple . Contour abnormality of the posterior aspect of the right 7th rib again noted, stable. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Stable bilateral emphysematous and lower lobe fibrotic changes. -year-old female, hypoxia. PA lateral views of the chest dated .
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. No evidence of tuberculosis tuberculosis +PPD
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. Multilevel degenerative disc disease with mild dextrocurvature near the thoracolumbar junction. No acute process. Chest pain ,
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are grossly clear. Bilateral breast prostheses are noted. No acute disease. None ,786.2
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute findings -year-old female,
Stable calcified granulomas. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The patient is a -year-old female scheduled for right breast surgery, for cancer diagnosis. History of .
Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, surgical clips and CABG markers. Stable densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute findings -year-old male, chest pain
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute preoperative findings. Preop bariatric surgery. ,
Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No bony abnormality. Vague density in right mid lung, related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. Not visualized on lateral exam. 1. Vague density in right , related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. Consider oblique images to exclude true nodule. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain. None.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. Negative for pneumoperitoneum. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain Chest x-,
Calcified granuloma periphery left lung. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. ASTHMA; Pt to have hip decompression surgery. No comparison chest x-.
There is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency, this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum. There are low lung volumes and bilateral moderate to large pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease that are larger in size in comparison to the prior exam. No pneumothorax. Heart size upper limits of normal. The left central venous catheter tip overlies the lower SVC. The feeding tube has been placed in the interval and extends below the diaphragm and below the -of-view. 1. Concern for left subphrenic free air. Verification with abdominal decubitus views is recommended for further evaluation. 2. Interval increase in size of the moderate to large bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease. 3. Left central venous catheter in unchanged position. 4. Interval placement of feeding tube the courses beneath the diaphragm and out of the -of-view. -year-old male with shortness of breath. Portable chest , .
The lungs are clear. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The Heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. and soft tissues are unremarkable. Probable nerve stimulator noted. No Acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain
Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain.
Normal heart size. Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. The lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Pain. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. None available
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no evidence of tuberculous disease. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. remote h/o POS PPD chest x- and lateral from .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There is no definite evidence of acute fracture. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Pain, pedestrian 2 ago. None.
Lungs are clear. No focal infiltrate or effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. Visualized osseous structures intact. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with chest pain None.
The Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Lateral views obscured by patient body habitus. There is no evidence of apical disease. are unchanged from previous exam and appear normal. Thoracic spine shows osteophyte formations at several levels. no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis or sarcoidosis. please for sarcoid/tuberculosis chest 2 views from , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Cholecystectomy clips overlie the right upper quadrant. No acute bone abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female, , nonsmoker. None.
Heart size normal. Lungs clear. chest pain
Sternotomy appear intact. Borderline heart size. Aortic calcification noted. Calcified mediastinal lymph unchanged. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragms. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. No acute abnormality. . -year-old with , fatigue. ,
Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain.
Borderline heart size. Calcified aorta. No active pulmonary edema or lobar pneumonia. Probable large retrocardiac hiatal hernia. Dyspnea None.
There are postoperative changes of sternotomy. There is cardiomegaly. The contour of the ascending aorta is prominent, consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. The lungs appear clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated. 2. Stable cardiomegaly. 3. Prominent contour of the ascending aorta, consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. -year-old male, preoperative evaluation. History of thyroid cancer. CT chest (part of /CT scan)
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear dyspnea
Small calcification right lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. Also small perihilar calcified lymph . Lungs are clear. No active parenchymal disease. No of pleural effusions. No pulmonary edema. Normal heart size. No of active cardiopulmonary disease. Unchanged. Sarcoid Hx sarcoidosis; Occasional /SOB; No cp/previous injury/surgery; Non-. .
Heart size is within normal limits. Emphysematous changes. Focal pleural thickening in the left apex is scarring. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic . There is no focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings. Hemorrhagic infarct. Increased BNP. None.
Mediastinal contours are normal. Heart size is within normal limits. Multiple scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Otherwise lungs are clear.. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Evaluate for pneumonia. Chest x- dated .
The lungs remain hyperexpanded. No infiltrates or masses. Heart and mediastinum are normal. change COPD with no acute findings. sob , .
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality, specifically no evidence for acute tuberculosis. Positive PPD
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female with chest pain. None.
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. chest pain
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute preoperative findings. Preop total knee replacement. None.
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female, pregnant. Portable chest from .
Cardiac silhouette within normal limits. No edema or airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with wheezing. None.
No focal consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. Heart size normal. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old chest pain.
On the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space uniformly throughout. Osteophyte formation is present with some sclerosis and subchondral cyst formation vertically along the superior acetabulum and femoral head. I do not see evidence for fracture or destructive process. AP view of the femur shows no femoral destructive process or other significant abnormality. For of the Left hip shows near-complete obliteration of the joint space with severe subchondral sclerosis and cystic formation in both the superior acetabulum and superior aspect of the femoral head. No fracture or destructive process is identified. Surgical markers were in the images and left hip for the purpose of surgical planning. PA and lateral chest show the lungs to be clear. There may be some hyperinflation. No pleural effusion is identified. The heart is normal in size. There are calcified mediastinal lymph . The skeletal structures appear normal. 1.Severe arthritic changes in both hips left worse than right. 2. Possible COPD but no acute pulmonary disease. Bilateral hip pain with osteoarthritis. Possible hip replacement.
The lungs appear clear. No evidence of focal pneumonia. The heart and pulmonary are normal. There is suture material at the left apex suggesting prior lung surgery. In the pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours appear normal. 1. No evidence of pneumonia or aspiration 2. Suture material along left apex suggesting prior lung surgery ,786.2 - f/u ? aspiration at
Concerning findings for fibrosis in the bases of the lungs. This can be further characterized with a of the chest. No confluent lobar pneumonia or pleural effusion. Preop anesthesia None.
There is stable mild cardiac enlargement. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits. Stable mild cardiomegaly. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old woman with chest pain. .
There are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. There is stable prominence of the right cardiac silhouette. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. There are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, status post cardiac arrest Chest radiograph ,
PA and lateral radiograph the chest demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with mid back pain that radiates to rib. recent injury.
There is a calcified granuloma left midlung. There is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. There are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. anterior segment of upper lobe, rounded focal density. could be lung nodule. Round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. This may represent pulmonary nodule. The primordial was employed to notify the referring physicians of this critical finding. . Chest 2 views. , .
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule. No acute cardiopulmonary disease H/O SMOKING FOR CAUSES. PAIN IN NECK AND .
The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or effusion. No acute bony abnormalities are seen. No radiopaque foreign bodies are present. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Negative examination of the chest. -year-old male, rule out foreign body. None.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, unchanged 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Chest pain and dizziness Chest x-
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. . , throat pain, right ear pain
Mild cardiomegaly. Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. No focal air space opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. 1. Mild cardiomegaly. 2. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male, dyspnea None available
There is a approximately 4 cm opacity with one margin and the other ill-defined in the lateral lower left lung is seen on the PA view. This is not definitely seen on the lateral view. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. There are T-spine osteophytes. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are calcified hilar lymph there Approximately 4.8 cm mass in the left lower hemithorax. This is favored to be arising from the chest wall and be pleural based. A CT of the chest is recommended for further evaluation. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. Preoperative, knee surgery. None available.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. No evidence of active disease. Chest pain. None.
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Right lower lung patchy opacities. Small right pneumothorax. Small right pleural effusion. 1. Small right apical pneumothorax. 2. Right middle and lower lobe patchy opacities, residual atelectasis. 3. Near-complete resolution of right-sided pleural effusion with residual. . -year-old status post thoracentesis
Normal heart size. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious airspace opacity. Mild levoscoliosis of the lumbar spine. No acute abnormality seen. Hypertension. None available.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Dyspnea. None.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. There is a 10 nodule in the right apex projecting between the third and fourth posterior ribs. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Scattered densities throughout the chest from prior gunshot wound. Chronic blunting of the costophrenic . Healed right 10th and left 9th posterolateral rib fracture. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. right apical nodule. Further evaluation chest should be considered to exclude the possibility of pulmonary malignancy. 3.Chronic findings as discussed below. Syncope Chest x-
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal airspace opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are scoliotic changes of the thoracolumbar spine. There degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with dyspnea. Two views of the chest dated .
The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. The bony structures of the thorax are unremarkable. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable appearance of the chest. -year-old male with . PA and lateral chest radiograph, .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild pectus excavatum deformity is noted. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. ,
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable postoperative and degenerative changes of the . Stable degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 54 old male with chest pain CT chest ,
Heart size normal. Lungs clear. preop for
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. Chest pain and bilateral hand numbness.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Syncope. Chest and abdominal pain. None.
The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is identified. The heart is normal. There are calcifications of the aortic . The skeletal structures are normal. No active disease. Prostate cancer with prostatectomy.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with Chest on
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute findings. Bronchitis and ,
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. . CT chest with contrast dated .
Heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is no focal air space consolidation to suggest acute pneumonia or active tuberculous infection. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Rule out TB
Left PICC line tip near junction of brachiocephalic vein and SVC; repositioning with a slight advancement may be helpful. There is a tortuous atherosclerotic aorta. Large lung volumes with widened AP diameter of the chest, due to COPD; recommend clinical correlation. Diffuse bronchial calcification and with mild atherosclerotic calcification. No evidence of pulmonary consolidation, large pleural effusion/pneumothorax. there is degenerative changes at the joints. Osteopenia. Degenerative changes of the cervical spine with possible fusion in the lower cervical region. PICC line placement.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Gastrostomy tube is noted. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with and .. Single view chest radiograph dated , ..
There is flattening of hemidiaphragms. There are prominent interstitial markings. There is no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia. There are atherosclerotic institutions of the aorta. The heart is of the first limits of normal size. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. 1. Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragm suggesting COPD. 2. Borderline enlarged heart. 3. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Pneumonia
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. There is again significant thoracolumbar rotatory scoliosis. The aorta is atherosclerotic. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear. Hypoinflation without acute disease. Bladder CA f/u.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. chest pain x 3 days , .
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. scar in the right lateral midlung. Adjacent focal pleural thickening is noted. Chronic blunting of both lateral costophrenic . Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Tortuous, ectatic thoracic aorta, unchanged. sternotomy intact. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Infection, , shortness of breath Chest x-
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with wheezing.
Broken of the 4XXXX , similar to the prior study. Stable multiple surgical clips in the left hilar area. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Unremarkable bony structure. No acute pulmonary findings. . -year-old female with history of outlet right ventricle, and transposition of the Great . Status post surgery. ,
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is a within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Multiple granulomas. No acute bony abnormalities. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. No acute bony abnormalities. If there is continued concern for occult fracture, consider dedicated rib series. . -year-old female with , , pain in the left lower ribs.
Patient is slightly rotated. Normal heart size. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of a pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. . Syncope
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. There is improved lung volumes bilaterally with persistent bibasilar atelectatic opacities, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. No acute bony abnormality identified. Improving lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis. -year-old with recent myocardial infarction, increasing oxygen requirements.. Portable chest radiograph dated , .
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The patient is a -year-old male with left shoulder pain. None.
Stable appearing bilateral calcified lymph . The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. No focal opacity. No large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Preop choli, chest pain, wheezing, gastroesophageal reflux disease, obstructive apnea. Obesity , .
Heart size within normal limits. Mediastinal contours unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Right lung is clear. opacities left lung base may represent atelectasis versus scarring. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. Bony structures unremarkable. Atelectasis versus scar left lung base. Otherwise unremarkable. for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient. If there are any questions about this examination please . , certified radiologist, at . -year-old female, breast cancer, preoperative evaluation. None.
Heart size within normal limits. Streaky airspace disease is demonstrated on the lateral examination. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Streaky air space disease may represent infiltrate. . -year-old , and for 6 days. None.
Chest. Lungs are clear and expanded. Heart normal. Left knee. No change marked narrowing, large osteophyte formation, multiple synovial osteochondromas. 1. Chest. No active disease. 2. Left knee. Advanced degenerative joint disease. PRE-OP left knee radiograph , .
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest. chest pain history of Hodgkin's disease
Large medial right upper lobe mass lesion, measuring approximately 5.8 cm x 6.0 cm in diameter. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. Lungs clear. Heart size within normal limits. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. Large medial right upper lobe mass highly concerning for primary lung cancer. chest with intravenous contrast for further evaluation. . 's was notified of this result at XXXXPM / and accepted receipt. Results were faxed. . -year-old male, chest pain, no shortness of breath, .
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, shortness of breath. PA and lateral views of the chest dated .
The heart is enlarged. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is a nerve stimulator device projecting over the left hemithorax. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Cardiomegaly. No acute findings. Preop CABG. Coronary artery disease. None.
1. There is minimal streaky opacity in the posterior lungs, possibly cyst, scarring, or pneumonia. 2. Heart size and pulmonary appear normal 3. Mediastinal contours are normal Chest CT dated
Chest. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. Abdomen. No pneumoperitoneum. There is a normal bowel pattern. Air and stool visible throughout the entire large colon including the rectum. No abnormally dilated small bowel loops. No evidence for intussusception or small bowel obstruction. No pathologic calcifications over the abdomen or pelvis. are without fracture or destructive lesion, though there are mild degenerative changes throughout the lumbar spine. Small hiatal hernia is not as well demonstrated on this exam. Chest. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Abdomen. 1. No acute intra-abdominal process. Negative for obstruction. The patient is a -year-old male with abdominal pain, question of small bowel obstruction. onset and wheezing in bilateral lung . chest, abdominal CT.
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . -year-old female with , chest pain
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable opacity in the left base, scarring or atelectasis. Rounded calcified density in the left lung base, calcified granuloma. No consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with dyspnea. .
No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain None available
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No x- evidence of metastatic disease. Choroidal melanoma ,
No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized of the chest are within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Positive PPD, please evaluate for pulmonary lesions. None available
Two left-sided chest tubes again noted. Interval improved aeration of the left lung compared to prior. Interval improvement in left lung pleural fluid. Right lung clear. Endotracheal tube noted with tip approximately 4.5 cm above the carina. Left internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the high SVC. No evidence of pneumothorax. Interval improvement in aeration of left lung with interval reduction in size of left pleural effusion. Persistent patchy left lung airspace disease is noted. Stable left-sided chest tubes. . -year-old female, cirrhosis. Portable chest dated .
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old female with chest pain, rectal bleeding
Hyperaerated lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms. Normal heart size. Increased retrosternal airspace. No focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute findings. COPD. .
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious bony opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, .
There is prominence of the right heart , consistent with right atrial enlargement. A density is demonstrated on the frontal view with exaggerated posterior projection of the cardiac silhouette, suggesting left atrial enlargement. The cardiac silhouette is overall enlarged. The mediastinal contours are otherwise within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild pulmonary hyperexpansion. Mild left apical pleural thickening. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 19/33. 1. Right and left atrial enlargement with cardiomegaly. No acute pulmonary abnormality demonstrated. . -year-old male presents for preoperative evaluation. None available.
The heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old woman with MVA. Left shoulder .
Lungs are clear bilaterally.There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Dyspnea
Normal heart. Calcified right hilar granulomas. No focal infiltrate. Midline trachea. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Rule out pneumonia/. None.
Calcified right basilar nodule compatible with granuloma / histoplasmoma. A few calcified right hilar lymph . Lungs overall well expanded and clear. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 724.1 lung nodule Comparison , .
Stable normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Normal pulmonary and interstitium. Lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No active/acute cardiopulmonary disease. Stable normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Normal pulmonary and interstitium. Lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No active/acute cardiopulmonary disease. Shortness of breath.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The patient is a -year-old male with , shortness of breath. History of smoking 30 years ago. None.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Old rib fractures, healed. Stable increased density overlying the lower mediastinum, unchanged, is due to hiatal hernia seen on examination. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The patient is a -year-old male with atrial flutter, hypertensive urgency..
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits for technique, no typical mediastinal widening of vascular injury. No pleural line of pneumothorax. Limited quality exam shows no definite acute findings. -year-old male, , MVA
There is hyperinflation of the lungs. A small area scarring is seen in the left cardiophrenic region. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. COPD and small left basilar scar. Lightheaded and dizzy. Hypertension.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest chest pain None.
Stable right-sided cardiac generator. Interval placement of right internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the low SVC. No evidence of pneumothorax. Generalized low lung volumes. Bibasilar and right midlung pulmonary opacities, atelectatic changes. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. . -year-old male, tachycardia, rule out pulmonary infiltrates. Portable chest dated .
No focal consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Exaggerated kyphosis with increased AP dimension of the thorax, curvilinear density projected over the right anterior 3rd and 4th ribs beyond which lung markings are seen skin fold artifact. Mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity, no typical mediastinal widening to suggest vascular injury. Contour irregularity of the lateral right 9th rib of indeterminate age. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Age-indeterminate fracture of the right lateral 9th rib. If findings localize to this region, suspect acute fracture. -year-old male, alleged physical assault, pain
Minimal cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear. Fat seen within the fissure on the right. preop for left hip revision .
Cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. . -year-old male with shortness of breath and chest pain. None.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Chronic appearing right mid clavicle injury. Visualized bony structures otherwise unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, chest pain. None available
Slight cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. No effusion chest pain dyspnea
Right thorax volume loss with some degree of left-to-right mediastinal shift. Relative hyperlucency of left lung, compensatory hyperinflation. Diminutive right hilar silhouette, compatible with absence of right pulmonary artery, as noted on prior CT. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. vehicle . CT chest, dated , .
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman, vehicle collision. None.
There is prominence of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to patient's known thyroid mass. There is increased tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal opacification. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is scoliotic curvature the thoracic spine. No acute bone abnormality. Increasing prominence of the superior mediastinum may be secondary to enlarging thyroid mass. With increasing tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and concern for dissection, chest CT is recommended for further evaluation. -year-old female, rule out dissection. PA and lateral chest radiographs and CT chest without contrast .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Left perihilar scarring is noted in the upper lobe. Streaky opacities in the retrocardiac region reflect mild subsegmental atelectasis. There is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. Mild left-sided scarring/subsegmental atelectasis. No definite infiltrate. and hypoxia
There is S-shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis. There are T-spine osteophytes. opacity in the left lower lobe represents atelectasis or scarring. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is no lobar pneumonia. There are calcified hilar lymph . opacity in left lung base represents atelectasis or scarring. COPD exacerbation, CBD exacerbation, x1 month
No acute osseous abnormality. The soft tissues are within normal limits. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old woman with chest pain. CT chest
There is scattered calcified granulomas. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. and loss. , .
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Coughing up blood. , .
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. MVC. Back pain. None.
The heart size is within normal limits. Mild streaky opacities are present in the left lung base. An accessory azygos fissure is noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild streaky left basilar airspace disease, atelectasis. . -year-old at for aspiration. None.
Cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Clear lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild age-indeterminate anterior wedging of a lower thoracic or upper lumbar vertebra on lateral view. Left-sided rib deformities consistent with old fractures. Mild degenerative changes about the thoracolumbar junction. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Age-indeterminate mild anterior wedge deformity of a lower thoracic or upper lumbar vertebra. Correlate for focal tenderness and with prior imaging, if possible. Chest pain
Trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. dyspnea
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified. Normal chest film. Chest pain
Heart and mediastinum are normal. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structures are intact. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with . None.
Lung volumes are . opacities are present in both lung bases. A hiatal hernia is present. Heart and pulmonary are normal. Hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis. Pt POD 6 s/p to open VHR with chest pain and occasional dyspnea.
no cardiomegaly with bilateral small pleural effusions. Decubitus x- be informative. No evidence of pneumonia, nodules, or masses. dyspnea
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old female with chest pain. Chest 2 view dated .
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. Central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Stable scarring in the right lung apex. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain
Stable appearance of the left upper lung lobe with scarring, volume loss, and pleural thickening. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits normal appearance, similar to prior. Volume loss in the left lung, stable. Right lung is clear. There is no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild scarring at the right apex. No acute bony abnormality. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Stable appearance of the left upper lobe. .
Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No of pleural effusions. No of active cardiopulmonary disease. Unchanged. ELEVATED WBC .
Lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and increased AP chest diameter, compatible with emphysema. There is no evidence of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or identified mass lesion. There is normal cardiomediastinal contours. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality, findings compatible with emphysema. with COPD/emphysema and dyspnea on exertion. Chest radiograph .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are T-spine osteophytes. calcified granuloma in the right apex. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chronic None available.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Scattered calcified granulomas. Hyperexpanded lungs. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes in the spine without acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Chest pain. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Negative. -year-old female. Dyspnea. , .
Heart size normal. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion. Degenerative changes in the midthoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female dyspnea. None available.
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease LEFT SIDE CHEST WALL PAIN
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The lung zones are clear. There are no bony abnormalities Unremarkable chest. Chest pain None available
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are a few scattered calcified granulomas. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. No evidence of active disease.
Heart size normal. Mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with chest pain None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. KIDNEY TRANSPLANT
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. and symptoms for one . The patient's lower abdomen was shielded for this exam. None.
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Cardiac silhouette is at top limits of normal. Aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Partially visualized ORIF involving the left proximal humerus. Deformity of the left distal clavicle compatible with remote . No displaced rib fractures on this chest examination. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Rib pain, . None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. There is right upper lobe airspace disease.. There is a rounded nodular opacity in the left upper lung measuring approximately 7 mm which may represent further sequela of infectious process versus other pathology. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. Right upper lobe pneumonia. 2. Rounded nodular opacity in the peripheral left upper lung which may represent further sequela infectious process versus other pathology including metastatic disease in a patient with thyroid cancer. Follow up to resolution recommended. , recent thyroid surgery for thyroid cancer None available.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with flank pain.. None.
Heart size upper normal but stable. Mediastinal contours within normal limits.. Minimal right middle lobe atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Abdominal pain and wheezing
Heart size normal. Tortuous aorta. Calcified hilar lymph sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Hyperinflated lungs. The otherwise lungs are clear. The bilateral apices are partially excluded from the -of-view. There is the interval fixation of the right humeral fracture, appears grossly intact. Osteopenia. Exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. year old female with dyspnea. , .
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. Right base densities are again noted which appear improved. Previously seen left pleural effusion has resolved. There continues to be some left base opacities which may represent atelectasis. Surgical clips and suture lines are noted in the mediastinum. An air-fluid level is seen in the upper right abdomen immediately below the right hemidiaphragm. Extensive pleural densities are present on the right which may represent localized fluid or pleural thickening. No definite pneumothorax is seen. 1. Continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. 2. Extensive post-op changes. 3. Right pleural densities which may represent thickening or localized fluid. 4. Air-fluid level below the right hemidiaphragm medially. Although this could represent air-fluid within a of bowel, a subpulmonic process is a consideration. If clinically indicated, scan would better define this. Rule out aspiration. .
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with . None available.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Clear lungs with no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Testicular cancer
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. High blood pressure. None.
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Sternotomy and surgical clips are again seen. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. There is a background of marked centrilobular emphysema. Streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis or scarring. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease or significant interval change. Dyspnea. , chest x-
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. Stable calcified granuloma in the left lung. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with and hypertension. Chest x- on
Exam limited by patient rotation. Mild rightward deviation of the trachea. Stable cardiomegaly. Unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. There is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder. 1. Right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. 2. No definite findings of pneumonia. -year-old female with and leukocytosis CT abdomen and pelvis ,
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Intermittent back pain x2-3 days, now right-sided chest pain under ribs. None.
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. The lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Findings compatible with prior granulomatous disease. The visualized are intact without acute osseous abnormality. Chest radiograph. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old woman with hematemesis. CT chest on . Portable chest on .
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female, with sputum production.. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are noted. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. pa/lat cxr,V76.10 BREAST SCREENING UNSPEC,no hx ca or implants
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Dyspnea. Asthma. , .
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Five weeks pregnant, shortness of breath x1 month
Right-sided perihilar calcified lymph and infracarinal calcified lymph . These represent previous granulomatous disease. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. Normal heart size. No of pleural effusions. No of active cardiopulmonary disease. . Sore throat. None.
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, . films of the chest dated .
There are prominent epicardial fat pads, unchanged from prior. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There is atherosclerosis of the aortic . Unchanged streaky opacities in the bilateral costophrenic sulci represent chronic scarring or atelectasis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. ,786.50 UNSPEC CHEST PAIN, pt states chronic lung infections, pt taking meds for rheumatoid arthritis, no hx ca, nonsmoker , .
The heart size is moderately enlarged. The pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Again noted is and left midlung airspace opacity atelectasis. There is left basilar opacity atelectasis as well. There is improved right midlung opacity. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. sternotomy are intact. Extensive atherosclerotic disease. Probable left midlung and left basilar atelectasis. Cardiomegaly. -year-old with shortness of breath. Atelectasis versus infiltrate. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No interval change in the appearance of the opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. 1. No interval change in the appearance of the opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. -year-old male suspected pneumonia. Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated at .
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Chest pain. Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral , .
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest polyarticular arthritis None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. There is right middle lobe airspace disease, may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. Right middle lobe airspace disease may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. . Abdominal pain. Recent pneumonia.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. There is a calcified granuloma within the left lung base. There is suggestion of a deep sulcus sign on the right. No definite pleural line of pneumothorax visualized. There is age-indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Age-indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies. -year-old woman with None.
Heart size within normal limits. No abnormal mediastinal widening. No edema. No focal consolidation. blunting of the posterior right sulcus may reflect a right pleural effusion. No pneumothoraces. Flowing osteophytes are seen through the mid and lower thoracic spine. Back and right-sided chest pain after in shower ,
No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Extensive degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Mildly enlarged heart. Tortuous aorta. Aortic calcifications. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old woman with atrial flutter. CT chest on .
There are T-spine osteophytes. There calcified costochondral cartilages. There is loss of disc of a midthoracic vertebral body. There are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring. No pneumothorax. The heart is borderline enlarged. 1. Borderline cardiomegaly. 2. Age-indeterminate, chronic, deformity in the midthoracic spine. Pain, weakness None available.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with hypoxia and shortness of breath. . None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The right chest tip is visualized in the mid SVC. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. MULTIPLE MYELOMA BMT W/U LAB;
There are bilateral lower lobe opacities. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is identified. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There is lucency beneath the diaphragm, consistent with pneumoperitoneum. Cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant. 1. bilateral lower lobe opacities. The appearance subsegmental atelectasis. 2. Pneumoperitoneum, postoperative secondary to recent laparoscopic surgery. -year-old female with right-sided pleuritic chest pain. Laparoscopic surgery yesterday.
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. Stable degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. Clips overlie the right medial hilum. prostate cancer
Heart size is normal. Slightly dilated tortuous aorta, unchanged. Lungs are clear. No effusions or pneumonia History of chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Calcified left hilar lymph /granulomas. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Old fracture, right mid clavicle. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old male. Shortness of breath. Syncope. Seizure. None.
Right dual-lumen internal jugular central venous catheter seen with tip overlying the cavoatrial junction. Heart size at the upper limits of normal. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Patchy bibasilar air airspace opacities right greater than left. No visualized pneumothorax. Prominence of the mediastinum consistent with history of sarcoid. 1. Bilateral lower lung airspace disease right greater than left, most representing acute infectious process. 2. Widening of the mediastinum, secondary to lymphadenopathy related to sarcoid, or possibly reactive adenopathy. -year-old male, shortness of breath. Reported history of sarcoid. None.
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. No nodules or masses. right chest pain
Heart size normal. Right hilar calcifications are suggestive of prior granulomatous disease. Otherwise the mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. and dyspnea for 3 weeks
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. PICC line is in . The tip is in the upper right atrium. 1. No evidence of active disease. Bone marrow transplant evaluation. AML. .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small nodular opacity left upper lobe may represent early infiltrate. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion. Small nodular opacity in left upper lung may be secondary to superimposed structures or early infiltrate. Followup evaluation in 2 weeks may be helpful.
sternotomy are in and intact. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. The bilateral costophrenic are excluded from the image on the PA view. Lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are intact without acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Chest radiograph. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male with chest pain. Chest radiograph on .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Scattered bilateral calcified pulmonary nodules. No acute bone abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female, lung nodules. PA and lateral chest radiographs .
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is an old healed fracture through the right 8th rib. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Pain. Two views of the chest .
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. are grossly intact. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. COPD
No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. There is marked cardiomegaly. Aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine and right shoulder. -year-old with elevated INR and nosebleeds. Irregular heartbeat. Shortness of breath. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. Pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures. 1. Pulmonary hypoinflation. Otherwise, no acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old female with headache. None.
Interval performance of anterior cervical spinal fusion, intact without complicating features. There is stable cardiomegaly, with persistent bibasilar opacities atelectasis and/or infiltrate. No focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions. The visualized osseous structures demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine, without acute osseous abnormality. Stable cardiomegaly and persistent minimal bibasilar atelectasis. -year-old woman with chest pain.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Chest pain. , .
There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. Scattered calcified nodules compatible with granulomatous disease. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No masses or suspicious nodules. are unremarkable. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. No suspicious masses or nodules. Long history of smoking, now with history of loss Chest 2 views PA and lateral , p.m.
There are broken 1st and 3rd-5XXXX . Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. Left-sided aortic . Central airways are . No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Left hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated. Interposition of the colon in the left upper quadrant. No acute pulmonary findings. . -year-old female with history of status post repair.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. Degenerative changes in the spine. Clear lungs. ASTHMA
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is no pulmonary nodule identified. There is a left humerus prosthesis partly demonstrated. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence for metastatic disease by radiographic evaluation. -year-old with osteogenic sarcoma. Followup study. None.
There has been interval sternotomy with intact midline sternotomy . The heart is near top normal in size with unfolding of the aorta. The lungs are grossly clear with no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are grossly normal. Cardiomegaly, however no acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with right-sided chest pain and recent . PA and lateral chest radiographs .
There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Stable left lower lobe scarring. Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . 786.05 shortness of breath Chest x- dated , .
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with and occasional for 2 weeks. None.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. and back pain. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. There is again a pleural based density in the right lung base, related to subpleural fat. The appearance is stable from multiple previous studies. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. No acute disease. CHEST PAIN CXR SFWP
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. There is no focal consolidation. Thoracic spondylosis. Mild dextroscoliosis of the spine. Prior anterior cervical fusion. Emphysema without superimposed pneumonia. Shortness of breath None.
The heart size is on the upper limits of normal. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Dyspnea. Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral , .
Stable cardiomegaly. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are noted. There is a prominence of the pulmonary vasculature. No consolidating airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. Shortness of breath. .
Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Cardiac silhouette at the upper limits of normal in size. Tortuous ectatic aorta. The aortic is near 5 cm in diameter. There is a retrocardiac left paraspinal bulge concerning for a descending thoracic aortic aneurysm. There is biapical scarring. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. spine spondylitic changes. 1. Stable aneurysmal enlargement of the and descending aorta. Chest CTA could be obtained as a . 2. Borderline heart size. 3. No acute pulmonary disease process. Shortness of breath with for 4 days. History of COPD. , .
The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or effusion. No acute bony abnormalities are seen. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable appearance of the chest. -year-old female with chest pain. PA and lateral chest radiograph of .
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. Patient status post sternotomy and CABG. No acute cardiopulmonary disease KIDNEY TRANSPLANT
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. Dual-lumen right IJ catheter is identified without pneumothorax. The lungs are moderately hypoinflated with bibasilar opacities adjacent atelectasis. There is ill-defined density overlying the anterior left 5th rib, possibly healing deformity versus superimposition of structures. Moderate hypoinflation with associated bibasilar atelectasis. None Indication PRE LIVER TRANSPLANT- STUDY
Cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. and soft tissue are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with shortness of breath, . Chest x- and .
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are multilevel degenerative changes of the spine. No evidence of active disease. -year-old female with asthma, recent pneumonia None available
Apical lordotic frontal view. Heart size near top normal limits, aortic calcifications and ectasia/tortuosity. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old male, chest pain
Heart size normal. Right lung clear. Persistent but decreased left lower lobe atelectasis infiltrate and effusion. Has a history of followup pleural effusion.
Heart size is normal. Right lung is clear. Granulomatous disease in the bilateral. Subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lung. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lobe. Sore throat. . Chest pain. None.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. r/o pleural effusion and , .
Anterior segment right lower lobe pneumonia. No effusion. Heart size is normal. Lungs otherwise clear. sepsis.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of active disease. Bone marrow transplant evaluation
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Vascular calcification is noted. 1. No evidence of active disease. . None.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. Mild dextrocurvature of the spine again noted. No acute findings -year-old male, anxiety attacks, chest pain
Comparison , . Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. INFECTION/; 12:30p-kg
Heart size normal and lungs are clear. Old healed left lateral rib fractures. chest pain.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No evidence of active pulmonary pneumonia on today's exam. Pneumonia one ago, worsening clinical symptoms. None.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear normal limits. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Weakness, vomiting, chest pain. None.
Clear lungs. Normal heart mediastinum. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Nipple ring on left. Normal chest exam. vehicle accident. None.
There is mild blunting of the costophrenic . There is right basilar airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary are slightly prominent. Calcified hilar lymph . No acute bony abnormalities. Right basilar infiltrate or atelectasis, and bilateral pleural effusions. Shortness of breath ,
Cardiomediastinal size and contour is grossly normal for AP technique. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute, displaced fractures are demonstrated. No acute findings. . . None.
The heart size is normal. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Postsurgical changes of left hemithorax are stable. Skin have been removed since prior study study. The left apical pneumothorax has resolved. There are mild chronic opacities in the left lung base with probable small residual effusion. The right lung is grossly clear. Stable postsurgical changes of left hemithorax with resolution of small apical pneumothorax and basilar air space opacities. Melanoma, left lung surgery
Rotated examination. Tortuous aorta. Moderate right-sided pleural effusion, small left sided. No pneumothorax. Mixed nodular interstitial opacities distributed through bilateral lungs, right greater than left. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged. Obliquely oriented left humeral neck fracture, transverse, with 5 mm displacement of the distal fragment. Limited evaluation of the aorto iliac stent. No cavitary lesion to suggest. active tuberculosis. Large hiatal hernia. 1. Moderate right-sided pleural effusion. 2. No cavitary lung changes to suggest active tuberculosis. The airspace opacities in right upper lobe seen on chest are not visualized on this study which could be due to difference in technique and patient rotation. 3. Cardiomegaly with prominent aorta which may be accentuated due to AP view. 4. Left humerus fracture. . The patient is a -year-old female admitted for fractures (multiple), examination for ECF placement. CT chest
Heart size is within normal limits. There are surgical clips in the left mediastinum. There is no pneumothorax. There is a small left pleural effusion. Abnormal convexity within the mediastinum represents adenopathy which is better demonstrated on the prior . 1. Small left pleural effusion. 2. Mediastinal adenopathy noted but better evaluated on the CT. -year-old female with for 2 weeks. History of Hodgkin's lymphoma. , .
Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace opacities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with history of loss
Heart size and vascularity normal. Lungs clear. No effusions or pneumothorax. Limited degenerative change of the spine No radiographic evidence for thoracic metastases. History of testicular cancer, evaluate for metastatic disease CT chest .
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. The are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old male chest pain ,
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are hyperinflated but clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Chest pain. Shortness of breath worse at for 3 days. None.
Mild cardiomegaly as before with no effusions or overt evidence of CHF. Large lung volumes as before. No acute airspace disease. Stable mediastinal contour. No acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 786.05 shortness of breath Comparison , .
Heart is at the upper limits of normal size. Lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Preoperative for kidney pancreas transplant
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease ,491.21
Heart size within normal limits. Tortuous aorta. Low lung volumes with no focal consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion. Moderate degenerative disc disease in the midthoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. year old female chest pain. PA and lateral views of the chest from .
No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Stable mediastinal contour. Calcified hilar lymph . Visualized osseous structures unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain ,
Spinal stimulator in . Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Clear lungs. Vaginal vault pelvic organ prolapse preop for surgery
Heart , mediastinum, , bony structures and lung are unremarkable. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease Chest pain. None.
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute bony or soft tissue abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old male with chest pain Chest
Heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. The lung parenchyma is clear, without focal infiltrate. There are no pleural effusions, and there is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable. No displaced rib fractures. Right nipple ring noted. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male, pushed from , chest pain
Cardiomegaly stable. Lungs clear. No edema or effusions History of chest pain
The heart is mildly enlarged. The aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic. Chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring and/or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. No focal consolidation or significant pleural effusion identified. Costophrenic are blunted. Borderline cardiomegaly and mild chronic changes. No acute infiltrate. loss and chest pain
There has been interval removal of right-sided central venous catheter. Enteric tube is again noted, coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal, unchanged from prior. Low lung volumes, causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. Low lung volumes with subsequent bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. . The patient is a -year-old woman with hypoxia. Chest x-, single view PA from .
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with . None.
Cardiomegaly is present. The upper lobe pulmonary vascularity appears mildly prominent consistent with pulmonary venous hypertension. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Bony changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted. 1. Cardiomegaly and mild vascular prominence. 2. No evidence of acute disease. Kidney transplant. None.
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is Stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. There are mild chronic changes without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion is seen. Mild cardiomegaly and atherosclerosis. No acute infiltrate. Chronic
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. There are calcified mediastinal perihilar pulmonary nodules consistent with sequela of old granulomatous infection. No acute lung infiltrates. Aortic appear unremarkable. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute pulmonary disease. Dyspnea none
1. Vascular congestion and diffuse interstitial edema 2. Stable cardiomegaly 3. Low lung volumes Shortness of breath
There are low lung volumes. There is bronchovascular crowding. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. No focal infiltrate or effusion. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures intact. No acute abnormality. Low volumes for the opportunity to assist in the care of your patient. If there are any questions about this examination please . , certified radiologist, at . . -year-old female with None.
The cardiac contours are normal. Cardiac valve replacement. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. Preop bariatric surgery ,
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . INDICATION: HYPERTENSION; PT to have tumor removed from head/neck. No chest complaints. None.
PICC line catheter tip in the right atrium. Heart is not enlarged. Trachea and bronchi appear normal. Lungs are mildly under expanded. No pneumothorax. There are small areas of patchy density in the left lower lung . There is a larger area of patchy density in the right mid and lower lungs with right-sided pleural effusion. In view of the history findings are strongly suggestive of acute pneumonia with right-sided pleural effusion. Strep viridans bacteremia. Known neutropenia, and leukemia. Right upper quadrant pain
sternotomy are intact and unchanged position from prior exam. Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. 1. Unremarkable examination of the chest.. -year-old male with tetralogy of Fallot Chest
2 images. Small centrally calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base. Otherwise the lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Lightheadedness today. History of pulmonary embolism. None. Clinical
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Right PICC line is in . The tip has moved into the left innominate vein. There has been interval development of several ill-defined focal opacities in the left and right mid lung zones. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. 1. Malpositioned right PICC line tip. Now located in left innominate vein. 2. ill-defined focal opacities. These may represent small areas of pneumonia. Pleuritic chest pain
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Surgical clips and suture material are noted in the right hilar region suggesting prior lung surgery. The mediastinal contours are stable. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease 2. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No evidence of disease recurrence. Lung Cancer at 743
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Chest pain. vehicle accident. None.
Cardiomegaly. No infiltrates or effusions. Right catheter tip upper SVC. The appears to be a normal orientation on the lateral film. There's been no change in position of the catheter since the prior exam. placement
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. Tubular densities overlying the heart are coronary artery stents. There are small round calcific densities in the bilateral lobes which are unchanged from prior exam and represent sequelae from old granulomatous disease. Otherwise lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. HX of stents chest x-, 2 views PA and lateral on .
Cardiomegaly with unfolded aorta. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. . Preoperative evaluation None.
The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine. 1. Pulmonary hypoinflation. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female dyspnea. None.
KUB. Centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple air-filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the of which measure up to about 3.7 cm in diameter. There is also an extremely dilated in the same region which measures 5.9 cm in diameter. There is extensive soft tissue pannus. Prior abdominal surgery. Chest. There is left basilar opacity. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. There is mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There are no large pleural effusions. There is thickening of the fissure. KUB 1. There are numerous air-filled dilated loops of small bowel over the mid abdomen. These findings are consistent with small bowel obstruction. Chest 1. Left basilar airspace disease, atelectasis. . -year-old with pain with history of strangulated hernia. CT abdomen pelvis from dated yesterday.
Three noncalcified lung nodules are present in the left lower lobe. The largest measures 3.5 mm in diameter. Another nodule is present near the right hilum. It is approximately 2 cm in diameter. The and mediastinum appear normal. Heart size normal. Multiple nodules in both the left and right lungs consistent with neoplasm. Further workup could be initiated with contrasted CT of the chest, abdomen, and pelvis. Dr. I discussed the findings and further workup suggestions by telephone approximately hours , . cig and wt loss
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Shortness of breath ,
The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable in size and contour. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old female with dyspnea. PA and lateral chest radiograph .
The lungs are clear. There are calcified granulomas. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are endplate changes in the spine. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Pre op Sarcoma None.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Grossly unchanged appearance of calcified hilar lymph and scattered calcified granulomas. Stable degenerative changes in the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with history of positive PPD, status post treatment.
The cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. Postoperative changes are noted in the mediastinum and lower cervical spine. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Rule out pneumonia
There is persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. There is suggestion of subtle patchy opacities in lower lung bilaterally. This is to be similar to scan. The heart is normal. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. The skeletal structures show scoliosis and arthritic changes. COPD and chronic opacities more pronounced in the lower lung . Bronchiectasis with acute exacerbation. CT scan ,
This study is limited secondary to patient body habitus. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. Limited study but no acute pulmonary disease identified. Pain
There is obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm, suggesting left retrocardiac airspace disease. This is not identified in the lateral view, which is limited by rotation. No evidence for effusion. Left basilar airspace disease. Recommend follow up chest x- to document resolution for better characterization. since end of .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. Syncope. , .
Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal contours. Increased interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases, right greater than left. opacity on the lateral view over the heart also present on the previous exam suggesting chronic subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. No definite pleural effusion seen. Cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities which may be compatible with mild pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infection, inflammation, aspiration -year-old male, chest pain
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lung. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Osteopenia with mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine is noted. Stable appearance of the chest. No acute findings. year old with pain and . AP portable chest .
There are postsurgical and postradiation changes of the left lung with a spiculated, hyperdense scar in the left upper thorax. There is a loss of lung volume on the left due to postsurgical change. deviation towards the left. Right lung is hyperexpanded. The right lung is clear. Heart size and vascularity within normal limits. Postsurgical and postradiation changes on the left with no acute abnormality. Chest pain
The left lung is grossly clear. The right lung demonstrates a large right pleural effusion with associated atelectatic collapse of the right middle lobe and partial collapse of the right lower lobe. opacities are seen within the aerated right lung, subsegmental atelectasis. No focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. No acute osseous abnormality. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is stable compared to prior examinations. Large right pleural effusion with associated passive atelectasis of the right middle and lower lobes. Grossly clear left lung. -year-old woman with lung cancer, shortness of breath.. CT of the chest and two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
Heart size normal. Mediastinal silhouette and vascularity are within normal limits. Lungs are clear, hyperinflated. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Preop, right leg ischemia ,
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. Extremity tingling. None.
Heart size within normal limits. Right hemidiaphragm elevation with density near the right costophrenic most suggestive of subsegmental atelectasis. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old female, pain
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. Distal clavicle shortening also present on the previous exam, possibly posttraumatic or postsurgical. No acute findings -year-old male, CVA symptoms
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest rule out pneumonia
No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace opacities. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The trachea is midline. No free subdiaphragmatic air. The included osseous structures are grossly intact. No acute pulmonary disease. -year-old male with chest pain. None.
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Aortic vascular calcifications. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Fracture-dislocation of the right shoulder. Bone demineralization. Scoliosis which is possibly positional. Clear lungs. Fracture-dislocation of the proximal right shoulder . tripped letting out, a possible , and now is c/o right arm/shoulder pain.PT unable to raise rt arm for lateral view due to PX None available
Stable normal cardiac size and contour with unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Normal pulmonary . No active airspace disease/infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified granuloma right upper lobe. No active/acute cardiopulmonary disease. . None.
Calcified granulomas are noted within the lung bases and stable compared with prior study. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. There is no focal opacity. No large pleural effusion. is minimal retrolisthesis of two lower thoracic vertebral bodies. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Retrolisthesis of two lower thoracic vertebral bodies. Dyspnea. Chest radiograph from , .
The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. No acute abnormality demonstrated. -year-old male with and bronchitis.
Central venous catheter tip in the right atrium. Heart size and shape are normal. Trachea and bronchi appear normal. The lungs are reasonably well expanded. There and patchy nodular densities in both lower lung more marked on the right than the left. There is scattered areas of bronchial wall thickening, well-seen in the left upper lobe. There is loss of definition of part of the left heart . No effusions no pneumothorax. Findings consistent with widespread changes from cystic fibrosis. It is difficult to differentiate acute from chronic change. Cystic fibrosis. Decreased pulmonary function .
Stable scarring near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. Stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality noted. hemopytosis
There is chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Compared with the prior study, there is mildly increased streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. Hilar prominence appears stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Heart size is stable and grossly normal. There no acute bony findings. Chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with mildly increased right basilar airspace disease, atelectasis versus infiltrate. . Shortness of breath. , .
Slight cardiomegaly. Calcified hilar lymph . No edema or effusions. chest pain dyspnea
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Chest pain
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. There is mild scoliosis of the spine. No acute pulmonary disease. for 3 weeks
Heart size normal and lungs are clear. chest pain None.
The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute process. Recent myocardial infarct
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Clear lungs with no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Testicular cancer are all
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute findings -year-old female,
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is bilateral basilar opacity compatible with atelectasis. There are somewhat low lung volumes. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node. Bibasilar atelectasis. -year-old with dyspnea. AP chest dated .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male with None.
Heart size within normal limits. Prominent right perihilar density consistent with lymphadenopathy, previously partially demonstrated abdomen and pelvis , . Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. TIPS noted. 1. No acute abnormality of the chest. 2. Right hilar prominence, corresponding to lymphadenopathy partially demonstrated abdomen and pelvis , . Consider of the chest for further evaluation. . -year-old with ,
Heart size is normal the lungs are clear chest pain
In the interval, a 2 cm diameter nodule has developed in the posterior segment of the left lower lobe. It is not calcified. No other infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart and pulmonary are normal. are normal. left lower lobe nodule. The differential diagnosis includes round pneumonia and parenchymal mass. CT may be of further . Please obtain for dyspnea , .
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. However, there is a 1.7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy. Scattered calcified granulomas also seen. Heart size is upper limit normal. No acute bony abnormality. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. 1.7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, there is large lymph node or partially calcified granuloma. Followup radiograph to assess stability may be of benefit. -year-old woman with chest pain and shortness of breath.. None.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified stable right midlung granulomas. History of Wheezing.
The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with . None available
Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs. Mild degenerative changes are present in the spine. No evidence of metastatic disease. . -year-old woman with history of breast cancer. Chest x-
There is a dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter, the distal tip projects over the right atrium. There is no apparent pneumothorax. There is no focal lung opacity or pleural effusion. There is stable right upper lung lucency. The cardiopulmonary mediastinal silhouettes are stable. The visualized osseous structures appear within normal limits. 1. Distal tip of the dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter projects over the right atrium. 2. No apparent pneumothorax. 3. Stable right upper lung lucency. CT chest may be helpful to further characterize. History of central line placement. Multiple chest x-, the most recent dated .
No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male, preoperative
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female, onset chest pain. None.
Prominent hiatal hernia. Left basilar opacity compatible pleural effusion and atelectasis. right pleural effusion. No pulmonary edema / overt CHF identified. Stable senescent mediastinal contour. PAIN; Comparison , .
Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No acute bony changes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. . , .
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. chest pain , .
and lateral views of the chest were obtained /. The lung volumes are low normal. The lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. The mediastinum and pulmonary are normal. The bony elements are not remarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. END OF REPORT. -year-old female with morbid obesity.
The heart and mediastinum are stable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with a . Two view chest .
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No acute bony changes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Chest pain. .
focal opacity in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view. No definite pleural effusion. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. Abnormal opacity in the right lung base which may be compatible with pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. Recommend clinical correlation for infection and followup to resolution. Or, if clinical findings are not compatible with may be of . -year-old female, , difficulty breathing
Slightly prominent basilar interstitial markings may be related to stigmata of chronic liver disease. No acute airspace consolidation or effusions. Mediastinal contour within normal limits for patient's age. No suspicious appearing lung nodules are identified. Hep C,hepatocellular cancer No comparison chest x-.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Left -a- is in . No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Right upper lobe area of dense opacity is seen in the medial right apex. On a previous outside scan (), the right upper lobe was consolidated. Comparison to the from that exam shows this opacity to have decreased. No films were available, however, for direct comparison. 1. Right upper lobe opacity which appears improved as compared to previous scan. Hodgkin's disease. for two weeks. None.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. No acute pulmonary disease. Right-sided pain
There is stable scarring or atelectasis in the left midlung. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. The heart size is near the upper limits of normal. Mediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes are noted. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain. ,
Tortuous thoracic aorta. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Generalized weakness and disoriented, of coordination. Concerned she may have a . No hx of . More difficulty ambulating...SM No comparison chest x-.
Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain. None.
Negative for cardiac enlargement. Negative for vascular congestion. Bilateral granulomas are seen scattered throughout the lungs. Negative for pneumothorax. Negative for focal air space consolidation. Some minimal streaky opacity at the bilateral bases relates to subsegmental atelectasis. No acute cardiothoracic process. This is a -year-old woman with productive for 3 days with shortness of breath.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Mild degenerative change is seen within the midthoracic spine. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female with hemoptysis. None.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old female, pain
The lungs appear clear. Scattered calcified granulomas are stable as are calcified mediastinal lymph . The heart and pulmonary are normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. No acute cardiopulmonary disease V42.7 LIVER REPLACED BY TRANSP
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with . Pain with breathing that started last . Two views of the chest dated .
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Dyspnea.
Lungs clear. Heart size normal. Flowing syndesmophytes in the thoracic spine, DISH. heart murmur? ,
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. No airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old male with chest pain. None available.
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Stable postsurgical changes of the lower cervical spine. No acute abnormality. Chest pain
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Preop inguinal hernia. .
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is ectasia of the thoracic aorta. No pleural effusion is identified. Normal chest film. Radiograph from
There is minimal hyperexpansion and hyperlucency of the lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. opacity in the left subsegmental atelectasis. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly stable and within normal limits, with mild tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. Multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine noted without acute bony abnormality. Changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with progressive loss. History of smoking.. Portable chest radiograph dated , ..
Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal. change. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. XXXXyo with hepatic encephalopathy with persistent altered mental status despite t , .
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified lymph are present. 1. No evidence of active disease. Hypertension. Adrenal tumor. .
There are scattered calcified granulomas. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. No evidence of active disease. -year-old female, preoperative evaluation for hysterectomy
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute abnormality. Negative. -year-old male. Abnormal feeling. Cocaine use. None.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Right -a- remains in . 1. No evidence of active disease. ALL. Bone marrow transplant evaluation.
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. chest pain.
Heart and mediastinum within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. No lymphadenopathy. Unremarkable examination. -year-old , uveitis. , .
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, productive . Chest x- ,
Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal heart. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality. Prominent right epicardial fat No acute cardiopulmonary findings. None.
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old with left shoulder pain. None available.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain
sternotomy and numerous mediastinal clips appear stable in position. There is aortic atherosclerotic calcification. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Stable widening of the upper mediastinum. Stable cardiomegaly. Prominent mitral annular calcification demonstrated on the lateral view. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. appear intact. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Stable cardiomegaly, tortuous thoracic aorta and atherosclerotic calcification. . The patient is a -year-old female with chest pain and onset right hand numbness and inability to . History of heart bypass surgery many years ago.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Right suprahilar calcified lymph . Right lung base calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Prior granulomatous disease. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. Chest pain. None.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary process. Difficulty breathing, history of emphysema
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in size and appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. There are prominent coarse interstitial markings throughout the lungs, with more focal streaky bibasilar opacities, seen only on the frontal , atelectasis. Negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the are grossly intact. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. Overlying EKG leads. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. . -year-old male with productive . None available.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable calcified granulomas. Bony thorax is unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. Pain after . CT chest, dated , .
Heart size is upper limits of normal. Mediastinal contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is no focal infiltrate or suspicious pulmonary opacity. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is a lucency along the peripheral right lung base, secondary to a skin fold. No acute bony findings. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Preop bilateral leg gangrene. None available.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old chest pain. None.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Dyspnea. Shortness of breath. Extremity numbness. None.
There is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lung zone. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is hyperinflation. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal for age. No acute pulmonary disease. COPD with chronic bronchitis. , .
Normal heart size. Tortuous calcified aorta. Scattered granulomas. No lobar pneumonia. Probable post your recess effusions. Kyphotic degenerated osteopenic thoracic spine. Probable posterior recess effusions with mild basilar atelectasis. No lobar pneumonia. Vomiting and right-sided abdominal pain None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Chest pain. None.
Small calcified granulomas in in right upper lobe and left lower lobe. No suspicious appearing lung nodules seen. No acute airspace disease, effusions, or CHF. EVALUATE FOR METASTATIC DISEASE;Pt to have surgery for cancer on face/eye. No comparison chest x-.
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. The are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Shortest breath
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. Probable old lateral right rib fractures. There is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Surgical clips are in the epigastrium of the abdomen. No active disease. LOSS
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Tortuous aorta. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Headache. Hypertension. Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral , .
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute acute cardiopulmonary disease. left sided chest pain
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Oval sclerotic density projecting over the inferior right glenoid may represent synovial osteochondromatosis or cortical . This is unchanged 31 17 . The remaining osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are unremarkable in appearance. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Dyspnea, shortness of breath, lightheadedness.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Postoperative changes seen in the left humerus. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Left lower chest pain moving into shoulder. ,
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest No evidence of tuberculosis. tuberculosis positive PPD None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal . Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. Chest pain. None.
The heart size is enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. Cardiomegaly without lung infiltrates. -year-old female with chest pain. PA and lateral chest x- dated .
The heart is not enlarged. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion. No acute abnormality.
Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No evidence of acute osseous abnormality. 1. No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. 2. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. -year-old female with history of endometrial cancer; routine followup. PA and lateral chest x- dated .
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There are advanced degenerative changes of the glenohumeral joints bilaterally with bone-on-bone articulation, remodeling of the glenoid, and extensive subchondral cystic change. No displaced rib fractures are visualized. Diffuse osteopenia of the thoracic spine with a mid thoracic and several lower thoracic deformities, age-indeterminate. There is an air-fluid level in the middle mediastinum, most secondary to a large hiatal hernia. 1. No acute thoracic abnormality. 2. Cardiomegaly with marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. 3. Probable large hiatal hernia. 4. Limited evaluation of the thoracic spine secondary to osteopenia, age-indeterminate fracture deformities. , weakness None.
Heart is normal in size. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute or destructive bone abnormality. Normal chest. -year-old female, bone marrow transplant workup. No chest complaints.
Exam quality limited by very low lung volumes on the frontal view and rotation. Cardiomediastinal silhouette accentuated by technical factors, heart size mildly enlarged. Marked bronchovascular crowding, indistinct vascular margination may be secondary to crowding, mild pulmonary edema, interstitial infiltrates difficult to exclude. No definite pleural effusion seen. Osseous demineralization and exaggerated kyphosis, VP shunt tubing noted. year old female, infection,
There is a left chest wall cardiac generator with 2 leads, one projecting over the right atrium and one projecting over the right . The heart is near top normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are clear without focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old female with history of asthma and dyspnea on exertion. None.
Low lung volumes are noted. Allowing for technical factors the heart size is normal. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is increased bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial opacity, consistent with pulmonary edema. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The are unremarkable. 1. Increased bilateral interstitial opacity, consistent with mild interstitial edema. -year-old male with onset chest pain
The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Mild degenerative changes of the spine. No evidence of active disease. for one
The cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. Nipple shadows and dense breast tissue overlie the lung bases. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. Borderline cardiomegaly. No acute findings. . Pain, productive , shortness of breath. , .
Overall low lung lines. There is scarring or subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. In the left lower lobe there is airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinum are stable given the lung volumes. Degenerative changes in the spine. 1. Left lower lobe pneumonia and minimal scarring or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. SOB
The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is at the upper limits of normal in size but stable from prior exam. There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with . ,
Normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. Normal pulmonary vascularity. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Scattered calcified granuloma. Degenerative changes the spine. No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. chest pain None.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. There is stable irregularity of the posterior left 6th rib which represents an old fracture.. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain Chest radiograph ,
Chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. Stable splenic artery embolism coils. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with leukocytosis and DKA Chest x- on
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. There are diminished lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding. Minimal atelectasis versus scarring seen in the left lung base. Right lung is clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Low lung volumes with minimal left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. Chest pain.
There is a calcified granuloma in the lateral left base. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are calcified left hilar lymph . There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted as well as scoliosis and lumbar region. Old granulomatous disease and senescent changes but no acute pulmonary disease. Shortness of breath and chest pain for one
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No evidence of tuberculosis. tuberculosis +PPD
There are left upper lobe opacities. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is as is within normal limits. 1. No evidence of active tuberculosis. 2. left upper lobe opacities. The appearance subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. -year-old male with positive PPD.
Heart size is stable. There is focal airspace consolidation in the lateral aspect of the right upper lobe. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. Right upper lobe pneumonia. -year-old female dyspnea. Portable chest from .
Both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal. Incidental note of bilateral breast implants. No active cardiopulmonary disease. SOB
There are T-spine osteophytes. Small nodule projecting near the left heart is unchanged from and appears calcified. This represents a calcified granuloma. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. and congestion for months. ,
Stable heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Stable calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. This low lung volumes. No focal airspace disease. Low lung volumes, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, dyspnea. Chest 2 views ,
The lungs remain hyperexpanded. There are persistent bilateral lower lobe opacities, subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. No focal infiltrate is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. 1. No acute findings. 2. Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. 3. Emphysema. -year-old male with history of emphysema, , increasing dyspnea
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. Calcified granulomas. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. -year-old female, tobacco use, preop.
Patchy bilateral airspace disease with pulmonary , a combination of atelectasis and consolidation. Borderline cardiac enlargement. Tracheostomy tube tip 6.4 cm above the carina. Shortness of breath ,
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with . Two views of the chest dated .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. scarring and emphysematous changes noted. The lungs are grossly clear. No acute disease. Chest pain, with dyspnea
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is a opacity in the left lingula. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. 1. Low lung volumes. 2. Opacity in the lingula is favored to represent prominent pericardial fat, but lingular atelectasis or infiltrate cannot be ruled out. . The patient is a -year-old woman with and symptoms. Chest x-, 2 views PA and lateral from , .
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with chest pain.
Extensive postop changes right upper chest wall. Air collection with air-fluid level is seen in the right medial apical region projecting into the level of thoracic inlet, within the pleural space. Some mild right pleural thickening versus effusion. No acute airspace disease. Mediastinal contour stable. lung cancer
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal . Low lung volumes, otherwise clear. -year-old female. Chest pain. , .
Heart normal. Lungs clear. Calcified left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma rule out pneumonia
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. EtOH, assess for malignancy None.
The cardiac silhouette pulmonary vascularity are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes are present in the spine. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Exertional chest pain None available
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. There is no pneumothorax. There is no pleural effusion. There is redemonstration of right rib deformities from old . of mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. There is no free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female with history of for 3 days, questionable blood in sputum. PA and lateral chest x- dated .
The examination consists of frontal supine and lateral radiographs of the chest. Frontal view is lordotic in projection. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for supine film. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There is a calcified granuloma at the left lung base. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. No evidence of acute thoracic . chest radiograph is recommended if is not . Pain status post from . None.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. Right hilar calcifications sequela of prior granulomatous disease. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female, . PA and lateral chest radiographs .
Stable prominence of the cardiac apex, from ventricular hypertrophy. Mid sternotomy again noted. No pneumothorax, significant pulmonary edema or large pleural effusions. No focal lung consolidation. Clips in the right upper quadrant consistent with cholecystectomy. Dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old with pulmonary hypertension
Heart size normal. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Lungs are clear. Soft tissues and are unremarkable. Normal chest. Dyspnea
Heart size is normal. Left upper lobe atelectasis / infiltrate in the left perihilar region, unchanged. Two venous catheter tips overlie the mid SVC. Small medial left upper lobe pleural air collection. History of pleural air collection after chest tube removal
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Left upper extremity PIC catheter tip overlies the distal aspect of the left clavicle within the subclavian vein. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated but clear. Deformity of the lateral left 6th rib, old injury. No acute disease. Left upper extremity PIC catheter tip within left subclavian vein. Findings communicated primordial. PICC LINE POSITION;
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No radiodense foreign bodies noted. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Abdominal pain, foreign body sensation in distal esophagus after attempting to pills
Right lower lobe calcified granuloma. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary inability. . -year-old male, kidney transplant workup.
No pleural effusion no pneumothorax. Normal cardiac contour. No focal consolidation. Lungs clear bilaterally. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with failure after overdose. Chest radiograph /.
Minimal subsegmental atelectasis posteriorly. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. No focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax. productive /.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Callus or granulomas identified. Left -A- remains in . No evidence of active disease. Bladder cancer
The trachea is midline. The heart is slightly large. There are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise the lungs appear clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. SOB
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. In the left lung base, there is a 9 mm nodule that not definitively calcified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. 9 mm left lower lobe pulmonary nodule not definitively calcified. Recommend comparison with prior images to document stability. If none are available consider nonemergent chest for further characterization. . Abdominal pain. None.
Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female, followup asthma exacerbation. , .
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are underinflated, but given the underinflation, the appear enlarged, more than on the exam and . Osteophytic degeneration kyphotic thoracic spine. Mid and lower thoracic vertebroplasty has been performed. A right-sided chest is present with its tip in the upper SVC. 1. No active infiltrate. 2. Marked enlargement of the bilaterally, increased since the prior , adenopathy. 3. Underinflated lungs with basilar atelectasis. Rule out tuberculosis for preadmission for hospice. ,
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Vomiting and , , chest pain for one .
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. These 't contours appear normal. There is a fracture of the midthoracic vertebral body. This vertebral body does not appear sclerotic. The age of this fracture is unknown. There are healed fractures of several left anterior ribs. There is a healed left clavicle fracture. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence of pulmonary nodules. 2. A single nonsclerotic mid thoracic vertebral fracture is present. Without a comparison study, the age of this fracture is unknown. Metastatic disease is possible, however given the nonsclerotic appearance, is not . 3. Healed left clavicle and left anterior rib fractures. Preoperative evaluation prior to prostate cancer surgery. Evaluate for metastatic disease.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Chest pain and none
Limited evaluation of the lateral view due to rotation and frontal view due to motion artifact. Stable mild cardiomegaly. Normal pulmonary vascularity. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. opacities are related to overlying soft tissues. The posterior sulci are clear. Degenerative changes of the spine. 1. Stable mild cardiomegaly. 2. No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old female shortness of breath. Chest radiograph /.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. . None.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. There is evidence of previous granulomatous disease. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. . posterior chest pain. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. right lower lung opacity represents combination of soft tissue overlay and minimal atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Abdominal pain and
Chronic increased interstitial markings without evidence of focal infiltrate. Bilateral apical pleural thickening. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Stable heart size. Marked degenerative change of the , status post remote right humerus fracture. deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body, also chronic. Chronic lung disease without acute findings. History of leukocytosis and . Chest radiograph .
Stable appearance of the right aortic . Normal heart size. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity. Stable exam with known right aortic . Chest pain. Asymmetric radial pulses. .
The parenchymal scar in the left lower lobe is unchanged in the interval. No infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart and mediastinum are normal. No change. No active disease. , .
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old with chest pain. The none.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous thoracic aorta. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. Stable right lung base scarring. Stable exam with no acute abnormality seen. Chest and midback pain. .
Cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. The lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with dyspnea. None.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
Heart size near top normal, bilateral hilar fullness nonspecific in appearance, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Diaphragm flattening and relative apical lucencies suggestive of emphysema, and irregular interstitial markings, right greater than left. Prominent left epicardial fat , no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Atrial septal occluder artifact. Mild spine curvature. Borderline heart size and abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern which may be compatible with chronic interstitial change, differential diagnosis is and includes asymmetric pulmonary edema, inflammation, atypical infection, infiltrative process. Comparison with previous exams would be of . Bilateral hilar fullness may indicate pulmonary hypertension and clinical correlation is recommended, differential diagnosis reactive lymphadenopathy, metastatic disease. -year-old female, pain
Heart size normal. Over expanded lungs. Aortic valve prosthesis. Calcified right hilar lymph node. Stable peripheral right lower lobe opacities seen between the anterior 7th and 8th right ribs which may represent pleural reaction or small pulmonary nodules. The patient has right middle lobe atelectasis and scarring in this region on old CT scans. From . History of Chronic and dyspnea
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest tightness
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. with deep venous thrombosis.
Chest. Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. Pelvis. There are numerous clips overlying the pelvis and lower abdomen. Nonobstructive bowel pattern. No pathologic calcifications. Hip joint spaces are symmetric and normal. Sacroiliac joints are unremarkable. No fractures or dislocations. 1. Chest. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Pelvis. No acute osseous findings. -year-old female with chest pain and pelvic pain. None available.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings. No evidence of pneumonia. . None.
There is mild hyperinflation. There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. cardiac generator overlies the left upper thorax with tips overlying the right atrium and ventricles. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . -year-old with ICD implantation. Yesterday.
Chest. The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Left knee. The right total knee prosthesis remains in . The medial compartment is markedly narrow. Large osteophytes are present on the left femur and tibial lateral plateaus. 1. Chest. No active disease. 2. The knee. Advanced degenerative joint disease. PRE-OP chest , .
sternotomy appear intact. Surgical clips overlying the mediastinum. Mitral valve replacement seen. Low lung volumes. The interstitial markings appear prominent, which may represent interstitial edema. There is mild blunting of the posterior sulcus on the lateral view, which could represent a small effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. 1. Mildly prominent interstitial markings, which could represent interstitial edema. 2. Mild blunting of the posterior sulcus, which could represent a small effusion. -year-old with shortness of breath. .
Comparison , Hyperexpansion and changes of COPD as before. Calcified right lower lung nodule compatible with histoplasmoma as before. Lungs are overall clear. Mediastinal contour stable. No acute abnormalities since the previous examination..
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. Negative chest x-. Chronic None.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. Preop bariatric surgery None.
The lungs are without focal air space opacity. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with dyspnea. None available.
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No evidence of tuberculosis tuberculosis positive PPD
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Right basilar calcified granuloma noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old , persistent .. None.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Postsurgical changes include left chest pacemaker/ICD with tips over the right atrium and right ventricle, sternotomy , and graft markers, and upper anterior mediastinal surgical clips. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Specifically, no evidence of pneumonia. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Postsurgical changes as described above. . -year-old with ongoing shortness of breath and history of pneumonia. Additional history of myocardial infarction, pacemaker/defibrillator placement, coronary stents, and valve replacement. Smoking history of 50 years. None available.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Positive PPD
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . , symptoms x7 days. None.
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with chest pain. None.
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old , MVC. None available.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear. Bony structures are intact. NO acute preoperative findings. Preop ankle surgery None.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. Pre- bone marrow transplant . None.
There is hyperinflation. There is some subtle scarring in the lateral right base. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. COPD and probable right basilar scarring. No acute pulmonary disease identified. for 5 days with chest tightness
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. -year-old with and body ,
Three images submitted. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Syncopal episode
There are patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. There are atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic . There are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. -year-old female with dyspnea. AP chest dated .
The lungs are clear. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The Heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. and soft tissues are unremarkable. No Acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Right chest tip is visualized in the distal SVC. There is no pneumothorax. The right cardiac margin is partially obscured and may be secondary to overlying cardiophrenic fat. The lungs are otherwise clear. No acute disease. ALLOGENEIC BMT W/U LAB;
Heart size is enlarged but stable. Stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. Stable sternotomy with fracture of the superior-most sternotomy .. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine. 1. Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardio pulmonary process. Short of breath
The heart size of the limits of normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There is a calcified granuloma right midlung and posterior costophrenic sulcus. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Altered mental status None available.
There is interstitial thickening bilaterally, more prominent in the bases. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. There is hyperexpansion. No infiltrates. Two bullae are seen in the right upper lung. Small calcified granuloma stable from prior exam. Stable changes of COPD. Rales in right mid and lower lung . CT of the chest dated
Normal heart size. Left chest tip mid SVC. Right axillary surgical clips. Stable pleural based nodule left mid chest. No acute pulmonary findings. Stable appearance of the chest. No or acute finding on today's study. Painful chest ,
Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No of pleural effusions. No of active tuberculosis. No of active cardiopulmonary disease. CHEST XRAY positvie TB. language unable to get more hx None.
Heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. Mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings -year-old female, pain
Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There has been interval development of multiple healed left rib fractures. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. No evidence of active disease.
The lungs appear clear. There are calcified nodules projecting in the right upper lung. Mediastinal contours appear normal. The heart pulmonary appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Surgical clips are identified in the right neck and left mediastinum. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. MALIGNANT NEOPLASM OF THYROID GLAND
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female, , preop.. None.
The heart size is moderately enlarged. There is evidence of previous aortic valve replacement. sternotomy are grossly intact. The pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified. There are degenerative changes of the spine. Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease noted. -year-old with osteoarthritis of the left hip. Preop evaluation for hip replacement. Two views of the chest dated .
Heart size within normal limits and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear bilaterally. No focal consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. No active tuberculosis. Followup +PPD. Chest single view from , .
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size is normal. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old with shortness of breath.
Heart size normal. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures are in alignment without fracture. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with cardiomyopathy. .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Negative for focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Middle lobe calcified granulomas. Normal . Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. . Shortness of breath for 5 days. , .
Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. A few small calcifications in the left lung base with appearance of old granulomatous disease. Otherwise lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No of pleural effusions. No of active cardiopulmonary disease. PRE OP EVALUATION no known . pre-op . X 40 yrs. no chest complaints today. None.
Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. Numerous calcifications are again noted. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal. Clear lungs with heart size upper limits of normal. cp htn
There are stable sternotomy . The heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. Stable appearance of the chest. No acute pulmonary disease. year old with a . PA and lateral chest .
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No acute abnormality. . Preoperative chest x-
Heart size normal. Lungs clear. Calcified 5 mm right upper lobe granuloma. preop inguinal hernia repair
Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal contour is normal without mediastinal widening. Lungs are clear bilaterally. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. post thoracic pain
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. No pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Chest pain. None.
The heart is slightly large. Pulmonary are normal. No infiltrates. Slight cardiomegaly with no failure or pneumonia.
Heart size normal. Dilated tortuous calcified aortic . Tracheostomy tube tip 4 cm above the carina. Multiple scattered small nodules throughout the lungs most represents calcified granulomas. No nodules or masses. Degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine. Review of -CT demonstrates calcified granulomas scattered throughout the lungs. prostate cancer skin cancer throat cancer rule out metastasis
Increased interstitial lung changes with superimposed pulmonary edema. Cardiomegaly. Negative for effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Cardiomegaly with pulmonary edema superimposed on chronic interstitial lung changes. -year-old female with dyspnea. Chest x-,
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old with abdominal pain, cramping, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, dehydration. Chest pain and shortness of breath.. Portable chest radiograph dated , .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. 31yof with and chest pain
No change lung . opacities are present in the right lower lobe. No focal infiltrates. Heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. Aorta normal. Findings of COPD with right lung base focal atelectasis. No evidence for failure or pneumonia. back pain , .
Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Pulmonary are normal. change. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Difficulty breathing None.
No gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. No pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact. 1. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. None.
change. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.. No visible cardiopulmonary injuries. football injury yesterday , .
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size In appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. There are diffuse, bilateral interstitial opacities, with B lines demonstrated. Small amount of subpleural edema is demonstrated in the fissures. There is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci, which may reflect effusions. Negative for pneumothorax. Limited evaluation reveals the the grossly intact. 1. Heart failure with pulmonary edema. Asthma None.
Comparison , . Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest. found unresponsive,
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. EVALUATE FOR METASTATIC DISEASE; Surgery sched for . No chest complaints.
Normal cardiac size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. No airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax. Negative for acute osseous deformity. The thoracic spine has a normal appearance. Unremarkable 2 views of the chest. This is a -year-old status post with injuries.
Heart size and mediastinal contour normal. Lungs are clear except for residuals of prior granulomatous infection. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Right arm tingling None.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. for one month with chest tightness
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No displaced rib fractures visualized. . 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Chest pain. None.
Surgical at the distal left clavicle. No acute osseous abnormality. Soft tissue structures are within normal limits. Stable normal cardio mediastinal silhouettes and hilar structures. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. . 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with chest pain Chest radiograph .
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Vascular calcification is noted. No adenopathy is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. Lymphadenopathy. .
Heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary process. year old, loss. Chest x- .
Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. Low lung volumes, however lungs are grossly clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures grossly intact. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male, preoperative evaluation. CTA angiography abdomen and pelvis with lower extremity runoff .
In the interval, consolidation has developed in the left upper lobe. Also, anterior segment opacity is present. Right lung remains clear. Heart size is normal. Developing left upper lobe consolidation and focal atelectasis, consistent with pneumonitis. chest pain , .
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No acute abnormality. . for 4 weeks
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Limited lateral view, given overlapping silhouettes. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old male. Pain after . Confusion. None.
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are clear. Borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease. Status post , pain
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Calcified right hilar lymph . There is focal contour abnormality of the level of the inferior posterior mediastinum, may reflect focal aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Focal convexity of the left inferior posterior mediastinum, may reflect focal aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta. This has been present and without significant change since at . Nonemergent chest CT may be useful.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. //weakness/lp today. None available.
Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal chest exam. -year-old with chest pain. CT thorax and chest radiograph from and , respectively.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma are noted. A few opacities are present consistent with of scarring or atelectasis. 1. A few basilar of opacity. This may represent scarring or atelectasis. , . .
Stable cardiomegaly. Calcified tortuous aorta. No focal air space disease. Stable chronic lung changes. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Diffuse degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Shortness of breath. Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral , .
Hyperinflated appearing lungs as before with some stable slightly prominent appearing interstitial markings most representing mild chronic inflammatory change. Stable biapical chronic inflammatory change with pleural thickening. No acute airspace disease, effusions, or CHF. Stable mediastinal contour. No acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. Comparison , .
Stable position of right central venous catheter. Interval removal of nasogastric tube. Heart size is normal. Persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No acute abnormality. Stable chest. -year-old male with history of AIDS presents with .
Status post posterior spinal fusion with stable appearance of the orthopedic . Pectus carinatum. Stable mild cardiomegaly and increased lung vascularity. Clear lungs. Stable mild cardiomegaly and increased lung vascularity. Clear lungs. VSD .
The heart size is normal. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. There are degenerative changes within the bilaterally and left acromioclavicular joint. in the soft tissues of the right upper extremity. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with history of goiter. None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with productive and chest pain.. Two view chest radiograph dated , ..
The heart and mediastinal contours are stable. There is minimal patchy right lower lobe airspace disease identified. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. Patchy right lower lobe airspace disease may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate. -year-old with syncope. AP chest .
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size within normal limits for technique, no mediastinal widening seen. No acute osseous injury demonstrated. Dextroscoliosis noted. No acute findings. Please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically warranted. -year-old female, MVA, chest pain
There is a opacity projecting over the left midlung, posterior on the lateral view. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Heart size top normal. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. opacity projecting over the left midlung. Comparison examinations would be useful. If no comparison examinations exist, would be helpful for further evaluation. . -year-old male, acute iritis, no chest complaints.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with pain and shortness of breath. Low energy. Two views of the chest dated .
In the interval, the heart size has become normal. Pulmonary are normal. Lungs are clear and expanded. Resolution of cardiomegaly. No active disease.
The lungs appear clear. Heart and pulmonary appear normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. There appears to the contrast within small colonic diverticula in the splenic flexure region. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease Patient with ampullary adenocarcinoma, preoperative evaluation
The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be are unremarkable. An element of atelectasis and infiltrate is noted involving the right upper lobe. In addition, subsegmental atelectatic change is present overlying the left ventricle. No pneumothorax is identified. The osseous structures appear to be unremarkable. Incidental note is of nipple . This is a -year-old female patient with shortness of breath and dyspnea. Chest x-, , .
Heart size and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, focal airspace consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with . None.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old male, pain
Heart size upper limits of normal but stable. Tortuous aorta. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old female with chest pain. None.
Normal heart size mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No hyperexpansion of the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The patient is a -year-old female with and . History of asthma. Chest 2 views ,
Anticipated senescent changes with grossly clear lungs. No effusions or CHF identified. A few scant reticular opacities in right lung base hypoventilation and foci of subsegmental atelectasis. No acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. syncope Comparison , .
The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Mediastinum and perihilar structures remarkable for vascular calcifications involving the aortic . This is consistent with atherosclerotic disease. In addition, marked prominence is noted to the pulmonary arteries in the perihilar location. Although the heart is not enlarged, this is concerning for concern for pulmonary arterial hypertension. There is calcified granuloma noted in the right lower lobe. Some interstitial prominence is noted at the left costophrenic greater than right. A subtle infiltrate cannot be excluded. The osseous structures are remarkable for degenerative changes. This is a -year-old female patient with . None.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Mild congestion without edema. Lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Redemonstrated are endplate depressions of the vertebral bodies, compatible with cell changes. 1. Stable chest with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cell crisis PA and lateral chest dated ,
Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within this. There is no opacity. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Hyperlucent right apex with hyperinflation consistent with emphysematous changes. Emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. Preop, neck infection. Chest radiograph from , .
Lung volumes are low. No infiltrates in the lungs. No pleural air collections. Sternotomy sutures and bypass graft markers are present. Heart size normal. Postoperative chest. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. chest pain
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old left anterior chest pain today. None.
The heart is again mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable. Changes of sternotomy and valvuloplasty are noted. Left subclavian ICD is unchanged in position. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic suggesting small bilateral pleural effusions. 1. Mild stable cardiomegaly. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions. Pacemaker placement
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Right chest wall surgical clips, compatible with prior lumpectomy. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. Chest pain. Prior lumpectomy. None.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain. None.
Slight cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear no effusions or edema chest pain
Lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There are postoperative changes of cervical spine fusion. No active disease. -year-old female with chronic
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. There are reticular opacities in the medial right middle lobe with tubular airway ectasia which obscures the right heart . This was present previously and is most compatible with bronchiectasis. There is no focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable . 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Stable right middle lobe bronchiectasis, postinfectious/postinflammatory. . Blood in stool, chest pain. ,
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered opacities in the bilateral lung bases. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified. 1. Pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding and minimal bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. -year-old female status post seizure with shortness of breath and . Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated .
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. chest pain
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. No evidence of active disease. , preoperative evaluation, V72.84, 218.9. None.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. 60y male with rt sided chest pain , .
Lungs are clear. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. No active disease. Shortness of breath
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Prior cholecystectomy No acute process. Nausea and vomiting None.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusions. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with altered mental status. Two-view chest from .
The heart size is upper limits of normal. The pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is mild streaky perihilar opacity without confluent airspace opacity to suggest a bacterial pneumonia. Minimal perihilar opacity which could indicate an atypical pneumonia. -year-old with pneumonia. Shortness of breath and . Rib radiographs dated .
There are bilateral pulmonary nodules whose appearances suggest metastatic disease to lungs. In the right lung, there is a 1.9 x 2.1 cm nodule overlying the posterior right 6th rib. There is a 1.0 x 1.2 cm nodule above this in the interspace between the posterior 5th and 6th ribs on the right. There is a 1.0 x 1.1 cm nodule projecting through the left 9th and 10th interspaces on the PA view. If not already performed, contrast-enhanced would be suited to evaluate these findings. There are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. To the stomach contours appear grossly clear. Heart size and pulmonary appear normal. There are left-sided axillary clips. There is a right internal jugular central catheter, the distal tip in right atrium. 1. Bilateral pulmonary nodules suggesting pulmonary metastases 2. Right internal jugular central catheter, the distal tip in the right atrium. MELANOMA
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest No evidence of tuberculosis possible tuberculosis None.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Negative chest . for one
Sternotomy sutures and bypass grafts have been placed in the interval. Both lungs remain clear and expanded with no infiltrates. Pulmonary are normal. Post operative chest with no acute disease. SP CABG SOB NO RALES , .
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. No pneumothorax, effusion, or pneumonia. chest pain.
Calcified mediastinal . No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old female, transplant workup. Chest x- dated at hours.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates normal heart size with tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality identified. Multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine noted. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with pain. None.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain
There is increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality. 1. Increased opacity in the right upper lobe with associated atelectasis may represent focal consolidation or mass lesion with atelectasis. Recommend chest CT for further evaluation. 2. opacity overlying the left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. -year-old male, . PA and lateral chest radiographs
Interstitial markings are diffusely prominent throughout both lungs. Heart size is normal. Pulmonary normal. Diffuse fibrosis. No visible focal acute disease. dyspnea, subjective fevers, arthritis, immigrant from Bangladesh
Status post left mastectomy. Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. History of chest pain
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Retrocardiac soft tissue density is present. There appears to be air within this which could suggest that this represents a hiatal hernia. Vascular calcification is noted. Calcified granuloma is seen. There has been interval development of bandlike opacity in the left lung base. This may represent atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Osteopenia is present in the spine. 1. Retrocardiac soft tissue density. The appearance suggests hiatal hernia. 2. left base bandlike opacity. The appearance suggests atelectasis. Acute bronchitis.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. The aorta is tortuous and ectatic. There are degenerative changes of the acromioclavicular joints. There degenerative changes of the spine. There is an IVC identified. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with for one month. History bronchitis. Two views of the chest dated .
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings. Pruritic. None.
The lungs appear clear. There are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. The pleural spaces are clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. ,786.05 to
Trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. chest pain
Heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. No consolidative airspace opacities. No radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, abdominal pain and vomiting. Chest x- ,
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 786.50 anterior left sided chest pain None available.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. Negative chest x-. . None.
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Chronic
Lung volumes are low. Bibasilar consolidation and bilateral costophrenic blunting are present. Heart size normal. Pulmonary normal. Shunt tubing traverses the entire image from top to . Bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid. sob
Stable mild cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures intact. Right humeral head bone anchor. Stable mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain.
Slightly enlarged heart. No effusions. No edema. No nodules or masses. Aortic calcification. Aortic is normal size. Lungs are clear. bone marrow transplant. No complaints currently
Streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view. No definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. Considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size. Bibasilar opacities, right greater than left, features suggest a combination of consolidation and atelectasis -year-old female, COPD exacerbation, short of breath
Comparison , . right pleural opacity along the lower chest wall compatible with thickening and/or some loculated effusion, accompanied with some adjacent atelectasis / airspace disease within the right lung base. Round opacity seen projecting adjacent to right hilum on PA view is on lateral view to represent some discoid atelectasis or fluid associated with the upper aspect of the fissure. Some opacities compatible with scarring/chronic inflammatory change are seen within the left lower lung which are more conspicuous versus previous examination. Stable mediastinal contour. , AND CHILLS, NONPROD. COUGHT, HAS FIBROTIC LUNG DISEASE BUT HAS NO RECENT CXR.;
Both lungs are clear and expanded with no infiltrates. Basilar focal atelectasis is present in the lingula. Heart size normal. Calcified right hilar are present No active disease. Burmese male has complete TB treatment
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are small calcified granulomata in the right lateral lung. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. None available.
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There is blunting of the right lateral costophrenic sulcus which could be secondary to a small effusion versus scarring. No focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. Blunting of the right costophrenic sulcus could be secondary to a effusion versus scarring. No focal airspace consolidation. -year-old male with seizure, ethanol abuse
Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. chest pain
Recurrent right pneumothorax, complete collapse of the right lung, near 100%. Right-to-left mediastinal shift is present, suggesting physiology. Right pneumothorax. ,
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No change in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. please evaluate for evidence of active TB (for supportive housing placement) , .
The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. . , acute sinusitis None.
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No acute abnormality. -year-old presents with chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Calcified granuloma, right base. Normal . Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. Pain. Emesis. None.
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease ,486,V76.12 PNEUMONIA CXR
This examination is somewhat limited secondary to obscuration of the bilateral posterior costophrenic sulci on the lateral view. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. 1. Limited chest radiograph examination without demonstration of an acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old female with a history of an elevated -. None.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Acromioclavicular arthritis is present, severe. No acute preoperative findings. Preop chest x-. None.
No pneumonia. Heart size normal. Scoliosis. for more than one year
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. Mild degenerative changes of the spine. There is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain None.
Heart size mildly enlarged for technique, mediastinal contours appear similar to prior, right chest tip in the high SVC. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old female, diaphoresis, short of breath
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are calcifications projecting of the left midlung, unchanged from prior, this is is sequela of prior granulomatous disease. There are small T-spine osteophytes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Status post repair. , congestion.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine. 1. Low volume study without definite acute process. Intracranial hemorrhage None available.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Right middle lobe calcified granuloma is unchanged. Heart and mediastinum unchanged. No change hiatus hernia. No active disease. 10 hx of , SOB, wheezing in , .
Right -A- is in . The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Some prominent perihilar opacities are present. Some vague small nodular opacities are present in the right upper lung zone. These are slightly more prominent than on the previous study. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Perihilar opacities which may represent changes due to bronchiectasis. Vague nodular opacities in the right lung zone may represent dilated bronchi filled with mucous or possibly focal areas of peribronchial pneumonia. Cystic fibrosis, shortness of breath.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. No focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. Mild degeneration of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female chest pain None.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. A tortuous, calcified thoracic aorta is present. The lungs are hyperexpanded, consistent with emphysema. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with Chest radiograph ,
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. None.
No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal cardiac contour. Clear lungs bilaterally. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female pre-op evaluation Chest radiograph /.
Heart size is normal. Mediastinal width is within normal limits for supine AP technique. No edema. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right hilar and right lung base calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. There is a very mild anterior wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebrae, possibly T7, age-indeterminate. Correlate for midthoracic tenderness. No displaced, acute rib fractures are identified. MVC.
Lucency crosses the 10th left posterior rib. Visualized portions of the thoracic spine are unremarkable. Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Question of posterior 10 rib fracture, correlate with tenderness. vehicle 2 ago
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. None available.
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Interval improvement in lung volumes bilaterally. Improved aeration of the right and left lung bases. Bilateral small pleural effusions and left base atelectatic change, with interval improvement. Visualized of the chest are within normal limits. Interval improvement in aeration of lung bases and pleural effusions. Residual small left effusion and questionable small right pleural effusion. WHEEZING/HEART FAILURE
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There has been clearing of left base airspace opacities. The lungs now appear clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. The lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. 1. Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. 2. No evidence of acute disease. Enlarged lymph . .
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Chronic appearing contour deformity of the right posterolateral 7th rib again noted suggestive of old injury. No acute findings -year-old male, , difficulty breathing
Heart and mediastinum within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old with chest pain. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint and thoracic spine degenerative changes are noted. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old , preoperative evaluation for prostate surgery scheduled . None available.
Comparison , . Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. chest pain that started ealier today, non-radiating, pain, shortness of breath x weeks, pain in joints x 6 weeks mostly right side, non-, no hx ca, no previous heart or lung conditions
Technically limited study secondary to patient . Decreased lung volumes with associated bronchopulmonary crowding without evidence of focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Mild nonspecific prominence of mediastinum, consider repeat CXR if any concern for vascular process. -year-old male with complaints of and headache
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. No acute cardiopulmonary process. steps, left posterior rib pain
The trachea is midline. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is normal in contour with overlying sternotomy . The lungs are clear without acute infiltrate, effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no fractures or dislocations. No acute abnormalities. Dyspnea on exertion. None.
There are postoperative changes of sternotomy and CABG. There is stable mild cardiomegaly. There are scattered of subsegmental atelectasis, decreased from the prior chest radiograph. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. 1. Scattered bilateral subsegmental atelectasis. Decreased from prior radiograph. 2. Stable mild cardiomegaly. -year-old male status post CABG.
Heart size is normal. Stable mediastinal contour. No focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Mild thoracic spine degenerative change. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. History of CHF ,
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old with chest pain. None.
Normal heart size. Stable tortuous aorta. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No suspicious focal air space opacities. Levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes. Prior granulomatous disease. Stable emphysematous lung changes. No acute abnormality seen. loss of 20 . Smoking history. .
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules or adenopathy identified. No evidence of active disease. Testicular carcinoma
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Innumerable bilateral lung nodules are present. These are seen diffusely throughout both lungs. No superimposed focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Scoliosis is present. 1. Continued innumerable bilateral small lung nodules. No change. Lung cancer. .
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous aorta. Prior granulomatous disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Stable retrocardiac airspace opacity. Stable retrocardiac airspace opacity. History of pneumonia. Hemoptysis. .
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Mild dextrocurvature the spine. No acute process. Chest pain ,
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is slight wedge deformity of the mid to lower thoracic vertebral body unchanged from the comparison study. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old was slurred speech and confusion. Could bulging 2 years ago. AP chest dated . Two views of the chest dated .
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fracture visualized. 1. No acute pulmonary disease. 2. No displaced rib fracture visualized. pt with , c/o pain r lower ribs none
There is minimal opacity in the left lung base, representing atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Left base atelectasis. Lungs otherwise clear. . 491.21 Chest 2 views. .
There is stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with questionable increased right basilar airspace opacities. The left lung is clear. Heart size normal. unremarkable. Stable elevated right hemidiaphragm with questionable subtle increased right basilar airspace disease/atelectasis. Correlate clinically. -year-old female shortness of breath. History of fibrosing mediastinitis. , .
There has been interval CABG. Sternotomy and cerclage appear intact. No focal air space opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable, mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. Visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. 1. Clear lungs. No acute chest findings. 2. Peripheral vascular disease. -year-old male, history of laryngeal carcinoma, surveillance Chest x-
Clear lungs. No discrete adenopathy or significant scarring. No active pulmonary disease. Sarcoidosis ,
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with chest pain
Heart size within normal limits. There is mild hyperexpansion with flattening diaphragms and bronchovascular crowding in the lung bases compatible with emphysema. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain. Chest x- , .
There is abnormal separation of the right . This is age-indeterminate. Corticated bony density over the lateral aspect of the clavicle may reflect sequela of old remote . The cardia mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are normal. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No pulmonary edema . There is minimal endplate degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine. Partial obscuration retrosternal space due to overlying . 1. There is abnormal separation of right , question very acute versus chronic injury. Correlate for focal pain. If indicated consider dedicated right shoulder films. 2. No acute cortical artery disease. . . Right-sided injury. None.
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. The patient is mildly rotated. No focal consolidations, pneumothorax or pleural effusions. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute displaced fractures. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No acute displaced fractures. year old male with rib pain. Chest x- and lateral from .
The heart and mediastinal contours are stable. Aorta is calcified and tortuous, compatible with atherosclerotic disease. Since the prior study, there's been interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. The right lung is clear. 1. Interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. This may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate. year old syncopal episode tonight. PA and lateral chest .
The lungs are hyperexpanded, with flattened diaphragms. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and stable from prior exam. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Chronic changes consistent with emphysema. -year-old woman with dyspnea. ,009
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Lung volumes remain low. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits. Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old woman with chest pain. .
Lungs are hyperinflated with interstitial changes of severe emphysema. There is an ill-defined pleural parenchymal opacity in the left upper lobe. This may represent scarring but is incompletely evaluated on the outside study, without coronal and sagittal reformats. There is mild scarring and/or atelectasis in the lung bases. Lungs otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. There are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. There is generalized osteopenia. 1. Severe emphysema. 2. Irregular, pleural-parenchymal opacity in left upper lobe. This may irregular pleural-parenchymal scarring, however, recommend comparison with more remote outside imaging, if available to determine long-term stability. If none are available, recommend short-term in 3 to 4 months. Evaluation of coronal and sagittal reformatted images from the outside study would also be helpful. These were not available at the outside institution. Malignancy cannot be confidently excluded on the available images. Shortness of breath. of the chest dated , 11 from .
There is opacity at posterior aspect of lower chest seen on lateral view which probably represents left lower lobe consolidation. There may also be small bilateral pleural effusion. Upper limits of normal heart size. Mild central vascular prominence. Old fracture deformities of multiple right ribs. 1. Question of left lower lobe pneumonia and/or pleural effusion. 2. Borderline heart size with mild central vascular congestive changes. INDICATION: SHORT OF BREATH; -- Admit Comments: UTI PERSISTENT None available.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. , .
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. Pain with in the chest for one
There are low lung volumes. The heart size and upper mediastinum have a normal appearance. There is no pulmonary vascular congestion. There is minimal right basilar atelectasis. There is no large effusion or pneumothorax. The osseous structures appear intact. Low lung volume exam demonstrates small amount of right basilar atelectasis. There is no acute consolidation or pneumothorax. Status post assault. Altered mental status and upper thoracic hematoma
The lungs are hyperexpanded. Heart size normal. No mass or focal opacities seen. Stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Emphysematous changes in the lungs. . Smoking history
Stable cardiomegaly. Stable tortuosity of the aorta. No focal airspace opacities, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Stable cardiomegaly with clear lungs. year old female with abdominal pain. Chest x- and lateral from .
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. No pleural effusion. There are gastroesophageal junction and epigastric postsurgical changes. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Chest pain. None.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. SOB WITH None.
The lungs demonstrate low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Mild streaky opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are atelectatic or scar. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with syncopal episode.. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There is corticated irregularity of the right posterior 5th rib, secondary to old rib fracture. There are no gross acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Right-sided chest pain yesterday, worse 1 hour ago. None.
There is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. Lungs otherwise are believed to be clear. The heart is normal. There are calcified left hilar and mediastinal lymph . The skeletal structures show some senescent changes. Old granulomatous disease. No acute pulmonary disease. and flulike symptoms.
Heart is within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild streaky opacity lateral right lung, atelectasis versus scarring. Small streaky opacity lateral right lung, subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring. -year-old , dyspnea, tachycardic. None.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. Central venous catheter is again noted. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. The left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. 1. Elevated left hemidiaphragm. No evidence of active disease. Pre-transplant. .
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. chest pain
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. , .
Heart , mediastinum, , bony structures and lung are unremarkable. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease Shortness of breath. None.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. . None.
No acute osseous abnormality. The soft tissues are within normal limits. Normal appearing cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Left lower lobe density representing atelectasis. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. No focal lung consolidation. -year-old with dyspnea. History of cystic fibrosis. None.
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary appear normal. There is severe kyphotic deformity of the chest involving prior fractures of thoracic vertebral bodies and the sternum. There are multiple fractures identified involving upper thoracic vertebral bodies and a single upper lumbar vertebral body. The patient is status post vertebroplasty at multiple levels. The pleural spaces appear clear. There is right-sided chest , the distal tip in the upper right atrium. Mediastinal contours appear normal. 1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease 2. Changes of acute kyphotic deformity and of the thorax as described above Preprocedure evaluation prior to bone marrow transplant
The heart size is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No displaced rib fractures. No acute findings. -year-old female status post assault. None available.
Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Diffuse bilateral calcified sequelae of prior granulomatous infection. No pulmonary vascular congestion. No edema. No focal consolidation. There is no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is mild anterior wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body, approximately T11 level. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild age indeterminate anterior wedging at the T11 level. onset shortness of breath. Hypoxia with oxygen saturation at 79% on room air. 98% on 6 liters. None.
The lungs are hyperinflated with coarse interstitial markings compatible with obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. There is chronic pleural-parenchymal scarring within the lung bases. No lobar consolidation is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Emphysema. Feet .
There are changes of sternotomy and CABG. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with right lower lobe crackles. None available.
Heart is large. Pulmonary are engorged. Bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and bilateral costophrenic blunting are present. Congestive heart failure with basilar pulmonary interstitial edema and bilateral pleural fluid. CHEST PAIN, AFIB
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with for preop evaluation for knee . Two views of the chest dated .
There is stable cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. There are bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar airspace disease, right greater than left. There is no pneumothorax. There are no acute bony findings. 1. Cardiomegaly, vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. 2. Bibasilar airspace disease, bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left. Shortness of breath. Unable to for lateral view. , .
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is a stable calcified granuloma in the infrahilar right lung. There are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormality is identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Dyspnea CT Abdomen and Pelvis .
The cardiac contours are normal. Prominent hilar contours. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Tachycardia, diabetes, hypoxia.
Mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal normal width. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. scarring or atelectasis right midlung. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. scarring or atelectasis right midlung. 3. Mild cardiomegaly. . Patient hallucinating. Weakness and confusion.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Subtle airspace density within the medial right lung base, not obscuring the right heart . This may represent focal right lower lobe pneumonia given history. Left lung clear. No effusions. No pneumothorax. Skeletal structures unremarkable. on the congestion, for 2 days
Small focal opacity in the left upper lobe, differential diagnosis includes subsegmental atelectasis, small infiltrate, scarring, followup recommended. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mediastinal and left hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. -year-old female, , congestion
The lungs are clear and hyperinflated. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Hyperinflated lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . SHORTNESS OF BREATH; None.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Assault. None.
Cardiomediastinal contours within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There are scattered calcified testes bilaterally, consistent with prior granulomatous infection, stable. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. Bony structures unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Prior granulomatous infection. -year-old male, chest pain. .
Lordotic projection and large body habitus. Limited mediastinal evaluation. Severe cardiomegaly. No visualized pneumothorax. No large effusion or airspace disease. No fracture. Severe cardiomegaly. Limited mediastinal evaluation given body habitus and lordotic projection. Recommend for further evaluation of mediastinum given T/Spine injury noted on C/Spine imaging. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. -year-old male, one. None available.
There is widening of the mediastinum. There is moderate cardiomegaly identified. The central pulmonary appear enlarged. Correlate for pulmonary vascular congestion. No focal infiltrate. No large effusion or pneumothorax. 1. Moderate increase in size of the cardiac silhouette. Unclear whether this is secondary to cardiomegaly or pericardial effusion. 2. Pulmonary vascular congestion. 3. Widened mediastinum. Maybe secondary to prominent mediastinal fat or tortuous . However, adenopathy, or mass is not excluded. CT of the chest with contrast is recommended for further evaluation of these findings. -year-old with shortness of breath. None.
Previous sulcal is normal in size and contour. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Interval resolution of previously described right midlung opacity suggesting resolved inflammatory/infectious process. Lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. and soft tissue are unremarkable. 1. Emphysematous changes. 2. Resolution of prior right midlung infiltrate. -year-old male, right lung infiltrate. Chest x- .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Low back pain and left chest pain
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No abnormal airspace opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Mass in axilla None available
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. and curvilinear densities over the breast shadows compatible with piercings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with and headache. None available.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is ill-defined airspace opacity in the posterior left lower lobe. There is focal opacity in the right upper lobe which suggests scar and/or granulomatous calcification. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. 1. Patchy left lower lobe airspace disease, concerning for pneumonia. 2. Right upper lobe opacity, favoring scarring and/or granulomas. . , , . None.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Chest pain for 2 days. Productive . None.
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Otherwise lungs clear. Heart size normal. Stable severe L1 deformity. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, no acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old male with chest pain. None.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes with no significant airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. 1. Limited low lung volume exam. 2. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain None available
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures show several old rib fractures unchanged in the prior study on the left. No acute pulmonary disease. and chest pain starting yesterday
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old with suspected pneumothorax. None.
opacities projecting over the right apex and mediastinum on PA view are artifactual. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Stable chronic coarse interstitial markings, without focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the are grossly intact. right cervical rib. 1. Stable chronic lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
There are postoperative changes of sternotomy. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. 1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of obstructive lung disease. Preoperative evaluation for esophageal surgery.
Borderline enlarged heart. Stable mediastinal contours. Aortic calcifications. Hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial markings, compatible with emphysema. Bilateral streaky opacities. Increased vascularity compatible with pulmonary vascular congestion. No focal airspace disease. No acute bony abnormality. 1. Pulmonary vascular congestion. 2. Emphysema. 3. Bibasilar streaky airspace opacities. -year-old with . Chest x- dated .
sternotomy and mediastinal surgical clips remain in . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified with stable appearance since exam. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. Scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. The left lung appears clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Osteopenia. Mild loss of of a mid thoracic vertebral body. 1. Minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality demonstrated. . -year-old male with productive and congestion presents for evaluation. Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated .
left effusion in the left lateral costophrenic recess. Minimal residual left lung base airspace disease. Stable heart size, moderately enlarged and tortuous calcified aorta. Clear right lung. Pneumonia one ago with left-sided crackles ,
There is mild cardiomegaly. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There are mild opacities bilaterally, favoring scar or atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated. Visualized vertebral body are grossly intact. 1. Mild cardiomegaly. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Specifically, no displaced rib fractures demonstrated. . , , left rib pain. , .
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Calcified granuloma is present in the right base. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. In the lateral right base is identified an ill-defined somewhat oblong opacity. This was not present on the previous study. The remainder of the lungs appear clear. 1. Ill-defined oblong opacity in the lateral right base. This may represent pleural based process. The exact is unclear. Followup exam is suggested to confirm clearing or stability. Difficulty breathing.
2 images. Calcified granuloma, right lung base. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Dyspnea.
Lungs are hyperexpanded. No infiltrates or masses. The eventration of the left hemidiaphragm identified previously is largely unchanged since the previous computed tomogram. Pulmonary are normal. Findings of COPD with no acute changes. recurrent , .
There is a left chest with tip in the mid SVC. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with chest pain. Chest x- on
Heart , mediastinum, , bony structures and lung are unremarkable. Stable small calcified granuloma left base. No acute findings/opacities/infiltrates noted. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease ,
Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. Osseous structures intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old male, testicular cancer.
Cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours are normal limits. Increased interstitial opacities. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality. Cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities represent interstitial edema. Dyspnea
Heart size normal. Central catheter tip in upper SVC. Lungs are clear. Degenerative spur overlies the posterior inferior aspect one of the mid thoracic vertebral bodies. History of necrotizing granulomas.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. onset . None.
There is peribronchial cuffing noted on the lateral view with fullness in the perihilar regions, more conspicuous than on the prior study. These can be manifestations of reactive airways disease. There is no lobar pneumonia. Lungs are mildly hyperinflated. Chest pain ,
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Chest pain, palpitations. , .
Lungs are hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. 1. No focal air space consolidation. 2. Hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema. -year-old female with osteoporosis, emphysema
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Calcified lingular pulmonary granuloma. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No acute abnormality. doesn't feel well, under a of
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. Negative chest x-. Chest pain None.
Several calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The patient is a -year-old male with chest pain. None.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. chest pain , .
Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal. There is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. The lungs are clear. No effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax. Stable chest x-, without acute cardiopulmonary findings. , wheezing. .
The heart is enlarged. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Chronic degenerative changes are noted within the spine. 1. Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with history of heart attack
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No evidence of active tuberculosis. . The patient is a -year-old male with positive PPD. History of BCG vaccination. None.
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. Degenerative this disease within the spine. Prosthetic right shoulder. Possible body in the axillary recess of the left shoulder. Degenerative left glenohumeral osteoarthritis. No acute pulmonary findings. Preop shoulder surgery None.
Stable scoliosis . The lungs are clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax. 1. Clear lungs. No radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. 2. Stable scoliosis . . female. Immunosuppressed. Chest 2 views. .
Heart size at upper limits normal. Mediastinal silhouette otherwise, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Ingestion
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a region of left upper lobe perihilar opacity identified. Left upper lobe pneumonia. Followup radiographs after appropriate therapy in 8-12 weeks are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality. -year-old with and . None.
Heart size remains slightly large. Aorta remains tortuous. Pulmonary remain normal. No infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Continued slight cardiomegaly with no evidence for failure or pneumonia. dyspnea , .
Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain.
The left hilum is retracted superiorly. In the collapsed left upper lobe are stranding and pneumatoceles. Additionally, pleural thickening is present in the left apex. No infiltrates are present in the left lower lobe or in the right lung. Heart size is normal. These findings are similar to the previous outside examination. Stable left upper lobe collapse associated with parenchymal scarring and pleural thickening. Findings consistent with previous active pulmonary tuberculosis pneumonia. immigrant. tb overseas is asymptomatic Immigration radiograph dated , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Chest and back pain x2 months. None.
No comparison chest x-. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. states having left rib pain along side and under left breast/hx of asthma/no hx of surgery/nonsmoker/hx of cervical cancer several yrs ago. shielded
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Heart size upper limit of normal. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with pain. None.
Borderline heart size, improved mediastinal widening. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild hypoventilation, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old female, pain
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Chest pain. Shortness of breath. The patient's lower abdomen was shielded for this exam. None.
Low lung volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. Low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, subsegmental atelectasis over infiltrate. Right-sided chest pain, muscle spasms
The lungs are hyperexpanded. There are opacities in the lingula, subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are degenerative changes of the spine. 1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema. 3. Lingular subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. , lung transplant evaluation.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.
Lung volumes are low. There is vague opacity in the right upper lung near the anterior right first rib on PA view. This may be artifact relating to calcification at the first rib costicartilage junction. There is minimal atelectasis in the right lung base. There is left-sided PICC line, the distal tip in the lower superior vena . The heart and pulmonary are normal. These contours are normal. 1. Vague nodular opacity near the anterior right first rib costicartilage junction. This may be calcification. 2. Minimal streaky atelectasis in the right lung base.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Mild cardiomegaly. Cardio mediastinal silhouette unremarkable. Bony structures appear intact. Mild cardiomegaly. -year-old male with chest pain None available.
Heart size upper limits of normal. Low lung volumes with mild bronchovascular crowding and right basilar airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. Low lung volumes with right base airspace disease. -year-old female with and x2 weeks. None available.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Midsternal chest pain radiating to left arm. Shortness of breath. , .
PA and moderate loss of the chest demonstrate stable moderate cardiomediastinal silhouette with atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic and mild aortic ectasia. Emphysematous changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. Blunting of the costophrenic , and secondary to scarring/emphysematous changes. No evidence of focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Emphysematous changes without evidence of focal airspace disease or pulmonary edema. -year-old female with shortness of breath. History of COPD. ,
Normal cardiac contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. Clear left lung . Right middle lobe with increased opacities, representative of infiltrate. 1. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. 2. Right middle lobe infiltrate. -year-old female with chest pain. Chest radiograph on .
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. chest pain None.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. . 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. symptoms for one . Chest palpitations Chest x-
Normal heart. Clear lungs. Trachea midline. Scoliosis of lower thoracic spine. Degenerative changes of thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. onset of . .
Trachea is midline. Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal chest exam. -year-old with loss and ESR of 92. None.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. A few bandlike opacities are present on the lateral view which appear to represent small areas of scarring. Surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. No evidence of active disease. Backache, asthma. .
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There is mild tortuosity to the descending thoracic aorta. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. No evidence of active disease. Melanoma
Heart size within normal limits. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute findings -year-old female, ,
The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable. The lungs appear to be clear of any focal infiltrates. Osseous structures appear to be within normal limits. No pneumothorax is seen. No free air is appreciated beneath hemidiaphragms. This is a -year-old male patient with complaints of chest pain. Chest x-, , .
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Low lung volumes on the AP view with bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male, assault
Minimally increased airspace opacities bilaterally, most prominent in the lung bases. Heart size is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact. Minimally increased air space opacities bilaterally, most prominent in the lung bases. Findings are nonspecific, but may represent subsegmental atelectasis versus mild interstitial edema or an atypical infectious process. -year-old with shortness of breath
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. chest pain None.
Normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are no acute osseous abnormalities present. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. The soft tissues are within normal limits. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with chest pain. None.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. and dyspnea. None.
Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No acute bony changes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Dyspnea. None.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Shortness of breath. .
Stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. Persistent bilateral lower lobe airspace disease, not significantly compared to prior. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. No significant change compared to prior. Bibasilar airspace disease may represent infection or mild edema. -year-old male with dyspnea. .
Heart size within normal limits, minimal aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Abnormal interstitial pattern, nonspecific in appearance with differential diagnosis including chronic interstitial lung disease, infectious, inflammatory process, atypical pulmonary edema. Not highly characteristic appearance of contusion or aspiration. Chronic appearing contour deformity of the distal right clavicle suggests old injury. No definite pleural effusion seen, no pneumothorax. -year-old female, , pain all over
Coronary artery stents visualized. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male, COPD and . None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. airspace disease within the left lower lung. The remainder of the lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Surgical clips overlying the right breast. left lower lobe airspace disease. LUNG CANCER;
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Bilateral prominent lung vascularity medially, unchanged. 1. No acute pulmonary disease. Chest pain. none
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. Right lower lobe calcified granuloma. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Chest pain ,
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are well expanded without consolidation or edema. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. No radiographic evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. Positive PPD.
The heart is not enlarged. The central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate. Lungs are otherwise well aerated. Small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate in the setting of . Followup chest x- is recommended at an appropriate interval following treatment to document . , smoking.
The heart is large, and the pulmonary are engorged. No infiltrates. Cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension. cp, sob
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is patchy opacity in the left upper lobe. Possibility of tuberculosis should be excluded. No pleural effusion is seen. There is no pneumothorax the lungs are hyperinflated. left upper lobe infiltrate. X 2 WEEKS.
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. Heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. The thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. Pulmonary are within normal limits. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain
Normal heart size. Clear lungs without pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal chest exam. -year-old with dyspnea. Preop for bariatric studies. None.
Comparison , . Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest. ,786.2 - with congestion.
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary disease chronic
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old male with . PA and lateral chest radiograph .
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with shortness of breath. None.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is a slight deformity of the lower thoracic body which is age-indeterminate. Age-indeterminate lower thoracic slight deformity otherwise negative exam. -year-old with scheduled hip replacement. Surgical radiographs. None.
Normal heart size mediastinal contours. No focal airspace opacity. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized are unremarkable in appearance. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female, or a persistent pain, nausea, vomiting. None available
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Malignant melonoma
Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Chest pain and weakness. None.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is a focal area of scarring or atelectasis identified in the lingula. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Focal area of scarring or atelectasis within the lingula. No acute pulmonary process. year old for a . AP chest with contrast
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. No acute osseous injury demonstrated. No acute related findings. Please note that nondisplaced fractures may not be demonstrated. -year-old female, MVC, pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic . No focal consolidation is seen. No acute infiltrate. ;
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute bony or soft tissue abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old female, preoperative. None.
Heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. No consolidative airspace opacities. No radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with syncope None available
There is hyperexpansion, hyperlucency of both lungs, as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified (blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickening/scar. Stable calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph and a left basilar calcified granuloma. Acute osseous abnormality. The mediastinal silhouette stable. Changes of chronic emphysematous lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. -year-old with chest tightness. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized of the chest are within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest x-
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. chest pain , .
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. foreign body is noted in the soft tissues of the left chest wall. No evidence of active disease. Multiple myeloma
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. please evaluate for left basilar crackles .
Heart size is normal. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No consolidating airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute abnormality identified. Altered mental status. None. Clinical
The heart size is within normal limits. Trachea is midline. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is focal consolidation in the posterior segment of the right lower lobe. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities. Right lower lobe pneumonia. , . None.
Three total images. Heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta including mildly ectatic appearing ascending aorta. No comparisons are available to evaluate stability. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No focal infiltrates or pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Chest pain x1.5 hours. Worsening with deep inspiration, radiating to right shoulder.
There is hyperinflation of the lungs appear to be clear. There is no pleural effusion or The heart is normal. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. The skeletal structures are normal. COPD. No acute pulmonary disease. COPD with productive
Left lung clear. Slight cardiomegaly. Right effusion. Right lower lobe infiltrate. Two air-fluid levels in the right hemithorax most representing hydropneumothorax. This radiographic finding could also represent empyema with a bronchopleural fistula. CT scan with IV contrast may be helpful. followup consolidation mass. Brain metastasis versus abscess.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Left subclavian central catheter tip in distal SVC. No pneumothorax. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. ALLOGENEIC BMT W/U LAB DX.LYMPHOMA;
Stable left chest cardiac generator with 2 distal leads in right atrium and right ventricle. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Emphysema. Stable calcified granulomas. Bony structures appear intact. Emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with presyncope. .
Enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Low lung volumes. Relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. left base density. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Cardiomegaly without heart failure. Minimal left basilar scarring/atelectasis. -year-old. Chest pain. , .
2 images. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. There are finding status post sternotomy and CABG. atelectasis or scar is noted within the left midlung. There is blunting of the left costophrenic . No pneumothorax. 1. Cardiomegaly. 2. Minimal left midlung atelectasis. 3. Blunting of left costophrenic . This could indicate a small amount of pleural fluid versus pleural-parenchymal scarring. Tachycardia. History of bypass surgery. None. Clinical
Lung volumes are . opacities are present in the angulate. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal. Hypoinflation with lingular focal atelectasis. cp
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . . None.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is is a calcified opacity in the left lung base suggestive of old empyema, hematoma, or prior TB. No cavitary lesions are seen. are grossly unremarkable. 1. Clear lungs. No radiographic evidence of active TB. -year-old male with positive PPD. None available
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. . None.
Heart size normal and lungs are clear. No edema or pneumonia. No effusion dyspnea. None.
Feeding tube passes below the left hemidiaphragm. Left subclavian central line tip is at the upper SVC. Shunt tubing courses along the anterior left hemithorax. There is grossly stable left lower lobe consolidation. Stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. 1. Stable left lung consolidation, possibly infectious pneumonia and/or aspiration. Recommend followup radiographs after treatment to ensure complete resolution. 2. Stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. Pneumonia
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is a scoliosis of the thoracic spine. The ribs, as visualized, appear unremarkable. No evidence of active disease. Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta. There are chronic changes particularly noted in the lung apices. The are mildly prominent but stable. No acute infiltrate is seen. There is no pleural effusion. Chronic parenchymal changes reflecting sequela of patient's known sarcoidosis. No acute disease. Shortness of breath, , sarcoidosis
Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. There is left-sided central line with a lumen. Poly vasculature is within normal limits. Mediastinum is normal. Bibasilar opacity, left greater than right is appreciated. No pneumothorax. 1. Left pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. right effusion is also present. 2. Cardiomegaly without overt edema.
Redemonstration of colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. There are increased bibasilar airspace opacities, left greater than right. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 1. Bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right. 2. Stable postsurgical changes with colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. -year-old with productive Chest radiograph
Cardiomegaly, aortic ectasia/tortuosity, cardiomediastinal silhouette appears similar to prior. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old female, heart palpitations
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Bilateral breast prostheses with calcification. No acute findings. . None.
Heart size is normal. No focal consolidations. There are degenerative changes throughout the midlower thoracic spine. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with weakness. Right rib films from .
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There are calcified granulomas in the left lower lobe. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The are unremarkable. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old female with dyspnea. None Available.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Large bilateral hilar calcified lymph /granulomas. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with chest pain. None.
Heart size is upper limits normal and lungs are clear. No pneumonia, edema, or effusions. hypertension cigarette smoking history of disease.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of active disease.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Right flank pain, right-sided pain. Diminished breath sounds. None.
right-sided chest tube tip now projects outside the thoracic cavity. No definite residual pneumothorax. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. There are low lung volumes. No large pleural effusion. No focal airspace consolidation. Small amount of subdiaphragmatic free air. 1. right-sided chest tube tip projects outside the thoracic cavity. No residual pneumothorax. 2. Small residual pneumoperitoneum consistent with known colonic perforation. . Followup chest tube. Evaluate for pneumothorax. Portable chest radiograph
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is mild calcification of the transverse . The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine are noted. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old chest pain for 2 hours. PA and lateral chest .
Mild cardiomegaly. Hypoinflation of the lungs. Right basilar opacity may represent atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Sclerosis of the humeral bilateral, from prior AVN. Sclerotic vertebral body endplates with central depression. Calcifications in the right hemiabdomen may represent calcified gallstones. 1. Right basilar opacities favored to represent atelectasis. 2. Stigmata of cell disease. 3. Cholelithiasis. -year-old woman with onset of chest pain. None.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. dyspnea/ , .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Throat pain, , -year-old female None available
Mild cardiomegaly. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Tortuosity of the descending aorta. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild cardiomegaly. Syncope
The cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are low lung volumes. There is no focal consolidation. There is pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. There is prominent right anterior first rib end. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Pneumonia. PA and lateral on .
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings. Preop surgery None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . , symptoms. Dyspnea. None.
Normal heart size. There is a round density in the AP . study performed in is not available for review at this time. Lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. Calcified right lower lobe granuloma. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No pulmonary edema. No acute bony abnormality. Circumscribed structure in the AP could represent lymphadenopathy, mass, pulmonary arterial abnormality as aneurysm, or enlargement of the left atrial appendage. As prior chest x- are not available online at this should be considered. -year-old female with dyspnea. Images from chest x- performed on are not available at this time for comparison.
The lungs are clear. There are calcified granulomas. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Testis cancer Chest 2 views. .
No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, dyspnea.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. There is no obvious displaced rib fracture. If there is concern for fracture consider rib series. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. . Pain, syncope
Normal heart size. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Left nipple silhouette visualized. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Hyperexpanded lungs, otherwise clear. -year-old female. . . None.
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. and . None.
The heart is within normal limits in size given the low lung volumes an AP portable technique. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old syncope, today. None.
There are scattered calcified granulomas. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. Right humeral internal fixation is noted. No evidence of active disease. -year-old with polyarthralgia, evaluate for infection
Heart is mildly enlarged stable. Mediastinal contour is normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. 1. Stable mild cardiomegaly. 2. Hyperexpanded but clear lungs. Shortness of breath
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. . Anterior chest pain, difficulty breathing
Age-indeterminate contour deformity of the right lateral 8th rib, if findings localize to this region, suspect acute fracture. Very low lung volumes, central and basilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis. Heart size near top normal limits for technique, left infraclavicular cardiac generator with right atrial and right ventricular leads, sternotomy , CABG clips. Evaluation for pleural fluid limited but no large pleural effusion seen. No pleural line of pneumothorax. -year-old male, not otherwise specified
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Calcific granulomas are present in the right upper lobe. The are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with chest pain and shortness of breath
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or lobar air space consolidation. right middle lobe collapse appears less distinct than on prior study. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Palpitation
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Bilateral breast cancer
There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. The right upper extremity PICC tip is in the upper SVC. Surgical clips in the right upper abdomen. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old with allogenic bone marrow transplant workup. , .
The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. No acute abnormality. Preop
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes are seen in the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Headache, , and congestion. ,
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Patchy right lower lobe airspace opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. Mild, nonconsolidating right lower lobe airspace disease. This may represent an early pneumonia. Arterial female, shortness of breath, Chest x- ,
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are calcified granulomas noted. There are vascular calcifications over the aortic . No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with osteoarthritis of the left hip scheduled for total hip replacement. Preop for surgical for the hip replacement. Two views of the chest dated .
Left-sided dual- cardiac in stable position. The heart is of normal size. Interval decrease and left basilar opacity. Increase in opacities in the right lung base. No pneumothorax or large effusion. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Calcification of the thoracic aorta. 1. Cardiac in stable position. 2. Increase in right and decrease in left basilar atelectasis. OTHER; Chest
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Mild nodular prominence of the right hilum, without significant change. Lung volumes are decreased, with crowding. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. 1. Low lung volumes with mild crowding. Coughing
Stable slight cardiomegaly. Sternotomy. Lungs clear. No destructive lesions of the ribs. No masses or nodules. Stable resection of distal left clavicle. No fractures of the thoracic spine. Aortic calcification. breast cancer right scapular pain rule out mass.
Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Clear lungs without suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Prostatectomy. Preop evaluation. None.
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Prominent bilateral pericardial fat pads. The lungs are well aerated. There is minimal patchy and air space opacity within the lingula favored as atelectasis. Minimal patchy airspace disease within the lingula, may reflect atelectasis or infiltrate. Productive
One are low. Both costophrenic are blunted. Pulmonary are normal. No visible infiltrates in the aerated lungs. Bilateral large pleural effusion, possibly from pleuritis or sympathetic from the known pancreatitis. Pt has recent pancreatitis now with
There is a 22 x 14 mm calcified nodule in the left lower lobe. A moderate hiatal hernia is present. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Calcified left paraesophageal versus intrapulmonary lymph node. 3. Moderate hiatus hernia.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Mild prominence left hilar contour. Bony structures are intact. No acute preoperative findings. Preop organ prolapse surgery None.
Borderline enlarged heart. Torturous/ectatic thoracic aorta. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes of the spine. There is fracture of distal right clavicle, better seen on the right shoulder radiographs dated . Small round lucency in the distal left clavicle, appears benign. Degenerative changes of both joints. 1. Borderline enlarged heart. 2. Tortuous/ectatic thoracic aorta. 3. Fracture of the distal right clavicle, better seen on today's radiograph of the shoulder. Pain. None.
Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. No active disease. Pain. .
Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Mild degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. No evidence of active disease. , wheezing, . None.
No comparison chest x-. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. The patient is obese. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with neck pain. Sore throat and headache. Runny nose and . . Two views of the chest dated .
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute findings -year-old male, hypoxia
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with ectasia of the aorta. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Degenerative changes in the spine. Stable appearance of the chest without acute abnormality. CP
In the interval, a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. In addition, on the PA view, an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left of the heart. This opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. It may be artifactual, but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. Mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. Heart size normal. Note of an unchanged hiatal hernia. right upper lobe mass, suspicious for neoplasm. CT of chest abdomen and head would be helpful for further evaluation. bleed , .
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest None.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. None.
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There are diminished lung volumes. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. scoliosis is unchanged. Visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process or significant interval change. Chest pain.
The lungs appear clear. There are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. density in the left lung base represents atelectasis or scarring. The heart and very are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Surgical clips are identified in the left axilla. There is lucency involving the lateral aspect of the left clavicle. Metastatic disease cannot be excluded. 1.Lucency in the left lateral clavicle near the acromioclavicular joint. Metastatic disease is possible. 2. Clear lungs melanoma dx . No chest complaints.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable . No acute cardiopulmonary process. . . None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Chest pain, feels out of it. None.
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Dyspnea None.
Low lung volumes with redemonstrated bronchovascular crowding. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged. 1. Borderline enlargement of cardiac silhouette, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No evidence for active TB. The patient is a -year-old female with history of a mild PPD reaction, screening x-..
Heart size upper limits normal. Clear lungs. No pneumonia or effusions. chest pain.
The heart size is within normal limits. There are calcified hilar lymph bilaterally. There are bibasilar airspace opacities with small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. Small bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis and/or airspace disease, left greater than right. -year-old male with , shortness of breath
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, chest pain. PA and lateral views the chest dated .
Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. Normal exam. Chest pain. None available.
Heart size normal. Lungs clear. anemia. None.
Lungs are clear. There is minimal atelectasis in the left base. No effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. density foreign body present in the soft tissues overlying the left lateral chest wall. Visualized osseous structures intact. Minimal atelectasis left base, no acute abnormality. The left lateral rib pain, , gunshot wound 40 years ago
The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart and mediastinum are normal. Arthritic changes of the spine are present. No active disease. Pain.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of active disease. Transplant, evaluation
Calcified granuloma is noted in the left upper lobe. There are low lung volumes, with bronchovascular crowding as a result. Heart size is within normal limits. Normal mediastinal contours. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. No free subdiaphragmatic air. The osseous structures are grossly intact. Low lung volumes. No acute pulmonary disease. -year-old male with dyspnea. None.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear of pneumonia. Patient has stable interstitial fibrotic changes throughout both lungs. History of dyspnea
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease 786.2,786.07, 66yof with productive with wheezing in a
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with chest pain. Chest x- on
No there is an dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. , vomiting, blood
Stable right-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip approximating the SVC. Stable right suprahilar opacity, compatible with history of right upper lobe mass. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Right-sided pneumothorax noted measuring approximately 1.8 cm from the the right apex. Stable postsurgical changes left axilla. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. Stable streaky opacities right base. opacity right midlung, question fluid level, incompletely evaluated, no recent for comparison. -year-old female, status post chest tube removal, evaluate for pneumothorax. Portable chest dated .
The heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old female with history of asthma; preoperative evaluation. : and lateral chest radiographs .
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a left lung calcified granuloma noted. There has been resolution of the left-sided airspace disease. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with shortness of breath and weakness. Hypertension. Diabetes. Two views of the chest dated .
Two nodules are noted in the right measuring 13 mm and one measuring 16 mm in diameter. The smaller one appears to be within the right upper lobe and the large appears to be within the left lower lobe. No focal consolidation and no other pulmonary nodules are identified. However, if a full evaluation for lung nodules is desired consider for further evaluation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. At 2 right lung pulmonary nodules concerning for<BR>metastatic disease History of testicular cancer status post bone marrow transplant None.
Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. Lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are grossly intact. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with shortness of breath. PA and lateral chest radiographs .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. with opacities in the lung bases, bronchovascular crowding. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion are seen. Low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities bronchovascular crowding. No acute infiltrate. Positive PPD, hemoptysis
Heart size is upper normal. Tortuous and calcified aorta. No edema. Bandlike left base and lingular opacities scarring or atelectasis. No lobar consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. and chills for one . Chest pressure.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Morgagni hernia, stable. Lungs are expanded and clear of air space disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals diffuse demineralization with stable anterior wedging at the lower thoracic levels. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Shortness of breath
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heartbeat and dizziness
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute pulmonary disease. upper back pain ,
Left-sided /ICD device and leads are stable. Stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old male with continued . Evaluate for pneumonia. .
1. Low lung volumes 2. Exam limited on lateral view by superimposed soft tissue and bony structures of the arm 3. Lungs appear grossly clear. No evidence of pneumonia. 4. Heart and pulmonary appear normal 5. Pleural spaces are clear 6. Mediastinal contours appear normal 7. No acute cardiopulmonary disease on this exam Chronic pain after arrest
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. worsening , .
Small 3.3 mm right-sided pneumothorax only visible on the left lateral decubitus film. Left lung is clear. Normal cardiac contour. No evidence of pleural effusion. 1. Small 3.3 mm right-sided pneumothorax. -year-old male for rule out pneumothorax.
Heart size is normal. No focal consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Negative chest. . year old female with . Two views of the chest from from .
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. The distal tip of a right IJ dual-lumen central venous catheter is at the which junction. No evidence of active disease. Rule out tuberculosis, facility placement. ,
Mildly hyperinflated lungs with flattened posterior diaphragm. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Heart size within normal limits. No pneumothorax. Mildly hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory . -year-old female, distress
There is mild cardiomegaly. The transverse is calcified. There is a moderate hiatal hernia. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted. 1. Mild cardiomegaly and moderate hiatal hernia. year old preop assessment. Two-view chest .
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Epigastric pain, vomiting, , chills for one ,
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest chest pain
There is a right chest with catheter tip at the cavoatrial junction. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. Lungs are grossly clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. 1. Right chest catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. 2. Grossly clear lungs. -year-old male with altered mental status. Evaluate central venous catheter placement.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. Left numbness after . None.
The lungs are hypoinflated with mild basilar bronchovascular crowding/atelectasis. There is a fracture of the left anterior 7th rib and the left anterior 6th rib, of uncertain acuity. Correlate with tenderness. There is mild atelectasis in the left lung base. There is corticated deformity of the right anterior 7th rib, remote fracture. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 1. Suspected fractures of the left anterior 6th and 7th ribs, of uncertain acuity. Correlate with tenderness. 2. Low lung volumes with mild basilar atelectasis, left greater than right. . Right-sided chest pain. None.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma is identified. 1. No evidence of active disease. Throat cancer. .
Chest. No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. The heart size is normal. No focal thoracic bony findings. Hand. There is also cortical and trabecular irregularity through the of the scaphoid. There is a small cortical lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal that may be a vascular . Hand 1. Minimally displaced fracture through the of the scaphoid. 2. Lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal. This may represent a vascular or if tenderness exists over this location then fracture is more . Chest 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . -year-old with hand and chest pain. None.
Heart size is normal. Stable dilated slightly tortuous aorta. Lungs are clear. No edema or effusions. No nodules, masses, or adenopathy. History of loss
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is stable scarring in the right upper lobe. Lungs are otherwise clear. There is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Chest pain. , .
There is diffuse right-sided airspace disease, with dense consolidation in the right base. A right upper extremity PICC is seen with the tip in the right brachiocephalic vein, representing an interval retraction of approximately 6 cm. No pneumothorax or large effusions. Heart size within normal limits. Multifocal right-sided pneumonia. -year-old female with . Portable chest from .
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old with chest pain. None.
Low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, right greater than left. Bronchovascular crowding, indistinct central vascular margination. No findings to suggest pleural effusion. Accounting for technical factors heart size within normal limits. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, bibasilar opacities due at in part to atelectasis, infiltrates, pulmonary edema difficult to entirely exclude. year old female, chest pain
Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal contour. No pneumothorax, airspace consolidation, or pleural effusion. No chest . No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiothoracic abnormality. -year-old female status post assault. None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardiomegaly is noted and is stable compared to prior examination from . Stable right basilar calcified granuloma. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old with dyspnea, history of pulmonary fibrosis.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. There are postsurgical clips in the right upper quadrant. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with chest pain. None.
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with chest pain None available
There are opacities within both lung bases, representing atelectasis. Heart size is upper limits of normal. No pneumothorax. No pneumothorax. Bibasilar atelectasis. No pneumonia. . DESATURATION EPISODE OVERNIGHT, PLEASE EVALUATE FOR INFILTRATE; Chest AP portable. .
Mild cardiomegaly. Tortuous aorta. No consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable right paratracheal opacity. correlated of the chest , this represents vascular shadows. Mild right apex curvature of the lower thoracic spine. Degenerative endplate spurring mid and lower thoracic spine with minimal grade 1 anterolisthesis of a lower thoracic vertebral level, T10 on T11. Dyspnea ,
Marked elevation left diaphragm with atelectasis in the left base. Mild atelectasis in the right base. Stable or line cardiac enlargement with atherosclerotic aorta. Obscured left heart . Kyphotic degenerated thoracic spine with osteopenia multilevel deformities, poorly defined due to the extensive osteopenia. Chest pain ,
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Negative for effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace consolidation. The lungs are normally aerated. Clear lungs, no focal airspace consolidation. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. , chest pain and x2 weeks. None.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. Small rounded bilateral axillary densities not seen on the previous exam most suggestive of artifacts, healed right lateral 10th rib fracture noted.. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old male,
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. The are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old with
The heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old with chest pain. .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. ;
Heart size normal. Prominent epicardial fat. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Unremarkable examination of the chest. Dyspnea
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is mild haziness in the right lung and left base, which could represent infiltrate. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Stable deformity of a midthoracic vertebra. 1. Possible infiltrates in the right lung and left base. Consider CT for further evaluation, if clinically indicated. -year-old with shortness of breath and . .
Heart size is normal. Mildly tortuous aorta, otherwise mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation of pneumonia, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Couple of nodules in the left base are calcified sequela of old granulomatous disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Chest pain
Heart size is within normal limits. Mild prominence of the mediastinum. Bibasilar predominantly interstitial pulmonary opacities. No visualized pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. 1. Mild bibasilar airspace disease, probably atelectasis. Shortness of breath, Hodgkin's lymphoma
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. No acute pulmonary disease. Chest pain
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable . No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Left arm tingling. CT from ,
Cardiomegaly with interstitial edema. No effusions, pneumonia, nodules or masses. History of dyspnea
Sequelae of old granulomatous disease is again noted. Lungs are clear without focal air space disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. Clear lungs. CP
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male with chest pain. None.
Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. The lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pulmonary nodules. Bony structures are intact. Negative for acute abnormality. Chest pain. Chest single view from , .
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with . None available.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Ventral hernia Chest radiograph on at .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. Chest radiograph. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old woman with dyspnea None.
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. . , .
There is significant interval decrease in right middle and right lower lobe opacification. Persistent small right pleural effusion and atelectasis. No pneumothorax. Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. No acute bone abnormality. 1. Improved right mid lung and right basilar consolidation. 2. Decreasing right pleural effusion. -year-old female, , known right pleural effusion. Chest radiographs 10 and CT chest with contrast .
The lungs are clear. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The Heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. and soft tissues are unremarkable. No Acute cardiopulmonary disease. MVA, pain
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Old healed left 5th and 6th rib fractures are seen laterally. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Onset of difficulty breathing starting last . History of reactive airway disease. None.
The cardiac silhouette and upper mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary venous congestion. There is prominence of the pulmonary arteries, right greater than left. There is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute pulmonary infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. 2. Prominent bilateral , right greater than left. This appears slightly increased from the prior studies. Findings could be related to hilar lymph or enlarged pulmonary arteries. If clinically indicated, further evaluation with contrast-enhanced CT of the thorax could be performed. Dyspnea
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is a single cardiac projecting over the right ventricle. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. Cardiac projects over the right ventricle, without evidence of acute complication. Pacemaker placement. , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal . cholecystectomy. Low lung volumes, otherwise clear. -year-old female. Pain. , .
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Overexpanded lungs suggests emphysema. No nodules masses or effusions History of chest pain nausea.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. VP shunt tubing is identified. The bony structures, as visualized, appear unremarkable. No evidence of active disease. Slipped , back on right side
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Low lung volumes. without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited lateral view given overlapping tissue silhouettes. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Low lung volumes, otherwise clear. -year-old female. Weakness. Multiple sclerosis. , .
The aortic , cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. Pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Shortness of breath, inhalation No prior
Right central venous line has been removed. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. A few bandlike opacities are present at the lateral left base. The appearance scarring or atelectasis. No focal airspace disease is seen. No discrete nodules are identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. 1. opacities at the lateral left base. The appearance atelectasis. Endstage renal disease. History of testicular carcinoma.
Vague 1.5 cm nodule left mid chest periphery overlying the posterior lateral left 7th rib. Further evaluation will require a chest CT. Remainder of the lungs are clear. There is no effusion or adenopathy. Heart size is normal. cigarette smoking with
Lungs are clear. No parenchymal infiltrates. No pulmonary edema. No of pleural effusions. No of acute cardiopulmonary disease. normal Pain. None.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Preoperative evaluation for internal fixation of ankle fracture. No comparison studies are currently available.
Heart size near top normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old male, pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Mild right basilar atelectasis and relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm noted. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain. None.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Partial fusion of 2 vertebral bodies near the thoracolumbar junction. No acute process. COPD None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. History of sarcoidosis, ,
Heart size is normal. Bilateral upper lobe , fibronodular infiltrates which have been there on prior exams. of breath sputum production
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest tightness and dizziness with exertion x1 . None.
Heart size is normal. Mild atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bibasilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute abnormality Chest pain
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. There are stable anterior wedge deformities of 2 midthoracic vertebral bodies. 1. No acute findings. 2. Stable midthoracic vertebral body fractures. year old with chest pain, shortness of breath, hypertension.
There is scarring in the right mid and upper lung zone with surgical clips identified as well. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. No acute pulmonary disease. lung surgery. Followup ,
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are hyperexpanded. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old HIV-positive male with a for a few days. Two views of the chest .
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Right lung base granuloma. The lungs are otherwise clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute pulmonary findings. . None.
Stable right upper lobe calcified granuloma. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Normal heart size and pulmonary vasculature. are grossly intact. No thoracic fractures. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The patient is a -year-old female with lymphadenopathy.
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. No large pleural effusions. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old with .
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female with history of . None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary process. . -year-old female with . Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated .
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal. Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule. No acute cardiopulmonary disease V70.0 ROUTINE MEDICAL EXAMINATION AT A FACILITY 305.1 NONDEPENDENT TOBACCO USE
Heart size is within normal limits for AP technique. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No focal infiltrate. No visible pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Low lung volumes with grossly clear lungs. Chest pain. at p.m.
Heart size normal. Lungs clear. Resolution of effusion seen on prior exam
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest chest pain
The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. Stable, mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. Stable opacity in the left , representing a scar. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute, displaced rib fractures. 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. 2. Stable, mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions, possibly consistent with enlarged pulmonary arteries/pulmonary hypertension. Please correlate clinically. -year-old female with chest pain. Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated .
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are increased lucencies in the bilateral apices along with horizontal oblique scarring in the left upper lobe. This could suggest emphysematous bullae. are grossly unremarkable. 1. No active disease. -year-old male for preop of subclavian arterial stent. None available
No comparison chest x-. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. dexa scan osteoporosis
Cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. There is mild bibasilar focal atelectasis. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Minimal atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. Minimal bibasilar focal atelectasis. Dyspnea and congestion None available
No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen, left hilar calcifications and dense nodule in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. Considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old male, dyspnea,
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is persistent stable appearing right apical scarring. There is persistent left basilar scarring. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. Chronic lung disease without superimposed acute disease identified. -year-old with right apical scarring. Followup study. Coughing with shortness of breath. Occasional . Two views of the chest dated and .
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. A wedge-shaped opacity has developed in the right upper lobe. There is also patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe. No acute bony abnormality. Interval development of bilateral upper lobe consolidation, right greater than left, representing pneumonia.. Followup imaging to document resolution is recommended. -year-old male with . Chest x- and lateral .
Heart size upper limits normal. Vascularity normal.Calcified breast implants obscure some detail. Lungs are clear. Vascular calcifications aorta. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Borderline cardiomegaly, otherwise unremarkable exam. Chest pain for 3-4 days, now shortness of breath None.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. Abdominal pain. .
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female, onto wheelchair.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
Comparison , . Scoliosis as before. Clear lungs. No effusions. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. Stable chest.
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There is a cardiac with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. There are atherosclerotic calcifications. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. .2,780.79,786.05 bronchitis, fatigue, sob None.
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size is normal. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. 1. No acute bony findings. -year-old with . Chest radiograph , .
Mediastinal contours are normal. Heart size is within normal limits. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain. Chest x- dated .
Minimal patchy bibasilar airspace opacities, atelectasis or evolving pneumonia. The heart pulmonary appear normal. Is minimal blunting of the pleural spaces, effusions. 1. Minimal patchy bibasilar opacities, evolving pneumonia or atelectasis 2. bilateral pleural effusions SOB on exertion
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Left arm, back, shoulder pain. None.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. No evidence of active disease. COPD. None.
The cardiac contours are normal. Mild atherosclerosis. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute preoperative findings. Preop knee surgery ,
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. None.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with a headache. None.
The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are calcifications of the aortic . The lungs are hyperinflated with increased retrosternal airspace and flattening of hemidiaphragms. There is haziness in the right lung apex. There is a 1.7 cm nodular density in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view, not identified on the lateral view. This may represent a vessel on end. There is no consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. 1. Haziness in the right lung apex and questionable right middle lobe pulmonary nodule. These may be explained by overlapping structures, chest would be useful for further evaluation. 2. Emphysematous changes. -year-old male with worsening loss. Rule out malignancy. None available.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are hyperexpanded. Scattered granuloma. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Left chest and back pain. Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral ,
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. Specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process. -year-old with positive PPD.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
Lungs are . opacities are present in the left lung base. Heart size normal. Mediastinum normal. Findings of COPD and left base focal atelectasis. 30 lb loss in 4 , term
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute preoperative findings. Preoperative exam for bariatric surgery. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. There is retrocardiac density which corresponds to patient's known hiatal hernia. The lungs are hypoinflated. No focal consolidation is seen. No acute disease. Retrocardiac density corresponding to known hiatal hernia. HYPERTENSION; preop hiatal hernia
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. Scleroderma None.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate increased interstitial markings probably COPD. There is calcified hilar lymph . There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute pulmonary disease. dyspnea none
There is a healing fracture involving the left posterolateral 7th rib. There is deformity of the 8th vertebral body. These bony lesions may be secondary to the patient's known multiple myeloma. The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Multiple myeloma, preprocedure evaluation prior to bone marrow transplant
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. There has been interval removal of right chest tube with increased elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and right basilar atelectasis. Left basilar consolidation and pleural effusions seen. No focal consolidation or pneumothorax. There is a stable left PICC with tip overlying the mid SVC and large feeding tube courses below the diaphragm. 1. Increased elevation right hemidiaphragm with right basilar atelectasis. Left basilar airspace disease and pleural effusion unchanged. 2. Interval removal of right chest tube, no pneumothorax. . -year-old female, status post chest tube removal.
Further fibrosis and collapse of the left upper lobe with left apical pleural thickening. No evidence of recurrence. Heart size normal. No effusion. lung cancer followup
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures short thready changes of the spine. No acute pulmonary disease. Increasing shortness of breath and
and lateral views of the chest were obtained on 02/010/. The lung volumes are normal. The lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. There is stable mild tenting of the medial aspect of the right diaphragm. The mediastinum and pulmonary are normal. The bony elements are not remarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. END OF REPORT. -year-old male with pulmonary stenosis.
The cardiac silhouette is enlarged with no comparison studies. Findings are accentuated by low lung volumes and eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm, however, cardiomegaly or less , pericardial effusion is suspected. The lungs are hypoinflated with central bronchovascular crowding but no evidence of overt pulmonary edema. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Patient appears morbidly obese. 1. Suspected cardiomegaly, less pericardial effusion. Prior comparison studies would be helpful. 2. Low lung volumes. No evidence of focal airspace disease. . Mid chest pain starting tonight. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old male. Chest pain. , .
Left lower lobe calcified granuloma. Heart size normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild medial right atelectasis. Mild emphysema. Emphysema and mild medial right atelectasis. No acute process. Pleuritic chest pain and None available
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. x3 weeks
Normal cardiomediastinal contours, given patient position and technique. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. The lung volumes. Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Chest pain, assault none
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Positive PPD
The lungs are clear. A calcified granuloma is seen in the left midlung zone. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. Preop removal of body in knee
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. .
Normal heart size. Stable position of 2 pacemaker electrodes, with a tip in the expected region of the right atrium and another tip in the expected region of the right ventricle. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. are unremarkable. There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. . COPD
Stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Left basilar airspace opacity secondary to epicardial fat and overlying soft tissues. DISH of the thoracic spine is noted. Otherwise, visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. Stable cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. . -year-old female, SOB , dyspnea/drug-induced , nonsmoker. Chest radiograph from and from ..
No stable cardiomegaly, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable right basilar calcified granuloma. No acute osseous abnormality identified. Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male shortness of breath.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. Negative chest x-. . None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. UP; none
No gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. No pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact. 1. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Female, 35 years None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Evidence of previous granulomatous infection. -year-old with initiation of medication. Ordered for a up prior to beginning the medicine. None.
The heart is normal in size. Stable appearance of coronary stent. sternotomy changes are present. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with chest pain. Chest x- and lateral from .
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with clavicle pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with shortness of breath. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The are unremarkable. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old female with dyspnea. None Available.
There is no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Kidney transplant Chest 2 views. .
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. Mild increased lung markings due to chronic changes. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Calcified left perihilar granuloma redemonstrated. 1. Findings consistent with emphysema with interstitial thickening. This could be due to edema superimposed on emphysema or pneumonitis or fibrosis. chest if warranted clinically given recent onset of dyspnea. . -year-old male with a history of smoking and dyspnea. Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated .
Normal cardiac contour. Clear hyperexpanded lungs bilaterally with no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with shortness of breath and . Chest radiograph /.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female, preop lipoma excision. PA and lateral chest radiographs .
No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Granulomas are seen within the right lung. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with chest pain
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Vague nodular density right upper lobe overlying the right anterior 2nd and posterior 6th ribs. This could represent healing fracture or superimposed structures. Bony thorax is unremarkable. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Vague left upper lobe nodular density as described above. Further imaging may be helpful. -year-old female with .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. None
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old female, pain
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. Apical irregularities also present on the previous exam suggestive of scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute findings -year-old male, pain
Heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Mild right apex curvature of the upper thoracic spine is nonspecific and could be related to patient positioning. Nodular opacity projecting over the posterior right 9th rib and reflects granuloma. ,
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Syncope. None.
The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with chest pain. ,
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old female, chest pain
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. The descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. 1. No evidence of active disease. Head neck cancer
Calcified left lower lobe granuloma. No focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Degenerative changes noted of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, congestion. PA lateral views of the chest dated .
Again seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There there is no lobar pneumonia. There are calcified right hilar granuloma. There are degenerative changes of the . There is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most represents a skinfold. There is a unchanged fracture with callus at the left 9th lateral rib. Unchanged platelike bibasilar opacities most representing scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Irregular heartbeat, right hip replacement. , .
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Prior renal cell carcinoma. , .
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. Positive PPD. .
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Chest pain. Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral , .
There are low lung volumes. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Calcific density in the right lung apex, compatible with calcified granuloma. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female. Pain None.
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is stable lucency in the right mid clavicle dating back to . No acute cardiopulmonary disease removed right-sided of face
Stable chest. Elevated left diaphragm. Two bullets overlie the left chest. Heart size normal. Persistent 1.8 cm right midlung nodule without definite calcification. CT scan may be informative if patient is at high for lung cancer. History of dyspnea
Decreasing lung volumes. Probable bilateral pleural effusions and elevation of both hemidiaphragms. History 2 days prior
Status post mediastinal surgery. Significantly improved aeration. Remaining obliteration of the bilateral pleural sinus, more on left than right side, which may represent scarring alternatively small pleural effusions. For more detailed evaluation, if clinically indicated, consider decubitus views. No acute air space disease. No pulmonary edema. Cardiomegaly. INDICATION: DYSPNEA; Admit Comments: 424.1, 414.01 .
The heart size size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Ill-defined opacity is again noted in the region of the lingula. This is increased since the previous study. The remainder of the lungs appear clear. Mild deformity is noted in the mid-thoracic spine. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. 1. Ill-defined opacity in the lingula. Increased since the previous study. May represent increased atelectasis or scarring. COPD. .
Apical lordotic frontal view. Heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Chronic appearing contour irregularity of the distal left clavicle and widening may be posttraumatic or postsurgical, verterbroplasty noted at the thoracolumbar junction. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old male, pain, syncope
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Low lung volumes. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with chest pain.
Normal heart size. Aortic calcification. Granulomatous nodule left midlung, stable. No acute pulmonary abnormalities. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute pulmonary findings. loss, tobacco history ,
Chest. Right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. Consolidation and atelectasis are present in the right lung base. Left lung is clear. No pleural air collections. Shoulder and clavicle. Fractures present in the right scapula the base of the glenoid process. It is attached to the coracoid process and a portion of the spine. The humeral head is located within the glenoid articular surface. Cutaneous air is present. Fracture is present in the posterior portion of the right 3rd rib. The acromioclavicular joint and coracoclavicular joints are widened. 1. Chest. Continued right hemidiaphragm elevation with right lower lobe airspace disease. 2. Right shoulder. Scapular fracture. 3. Clavicle. Acromioclavicular separation. scapula fx hours , .
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. Chest pressure on left
AP lateral view soft tissue neck. 1. No subglottic edema or prevertebral soft tissue . 2. Slight rotation of the patient's head limits evaluation of the epiglottis which is normal in size and caliber. PA and lateral views of the chest. 1. No acute pulmonary findings. Dysphasia, possible allergic reaction. Midline chest pain. None.
Grossly, the heart size is normal in the lungs are clear. No displaced bony injuries are present. Unwitnessed , right-sided pain ,
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. There is opacity at the base of the mediastinum which is a hiatal hernia. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with . None.
There is interval placement of a on the left chest with the catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction. The heart size is within normal limits. Lung volumes within normal limits. Slightly prominent pulmonary vascularity noted. Increased peribronchial cuffing. No large consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. There is subpleural edema outlining the right fissure. 1. Stable and adequately placed . 2. Prominent pulmonary vasculature, subpleural edema, and peribronchial cuffing suggestive of volume overload versus viral bronchiolitis. -year-old male with history of membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis also having shortness of breath. A portable chest radiograph from .
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Shortness of breath.
Lungs are clear bilaterally.There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. with sputum. PA and lateral views of the chest on , .
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Chest pain.
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease PAIN RT SCAPULAR AREA AND BELOW BREASTS
There is mild streakiness in the right base. No focal infiltrate or effusion. No pneumothorax. Calcified granulomatous disease noted. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. Osseous structures intact. Mild streakiness, subsegmental atelectasis versus early infiltrate right lower lobe. with
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. There are opacities in the left , subsegmental atelectasis or scar. Otherwise, the lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Left midlung subsegmental atelectasis versus scar. Chest pain None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female shortness of breath. Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. throat pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female shortness of breath. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormalities are identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old male with , right lower lobe rales.. CT the chest dated , ..
Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm, of uncertain chronicity. There is mild basilar bronchovascular crowding, without evidence of focal airspace disease. Heart is within normal limits for low lung volumes and AP technique. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Low lung volume exam. Otherwise, no acute findings. . Acute mental status changes. None.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Postsurgical changes of the cervical spine are present. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Three images are available for review. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male with history of renal cancer. PA and lateral chest x- dated .
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary process. year old, bone marrow , asymptomatic. None.
Heart size is normal. The aorta is tortuous, and cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm. The pulmonary vascularity is normal. There residual to prior granulomatous infection. Lungs are otherwise clear. Degenerative change of the spine. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Tortuous aorta, cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm. Preop right knee total knee replacement None.
4 images. There is a large hydropneumothorax within the left chest. There is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. Within the right lung, there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe, with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex. At the right lung apex, there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approximately 1.3 cm. This could indicate cavitation. Left-sided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. No convincing acute bony findings. 1. Large left hydropneumothorax, with complete collapse of the left lung. 2. Airspace and interstitial opacity within the right upper and lower lobes. Possible apical cavitation. Tuberculosis should be excluded clinically. . None. Clinical
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. There is motion artifact on the lateral radiograph. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old with shortness of breath.
Heart size slightly upper normal. Atherosclerotic calcifications within the aorta.. Lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. No focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the spine are noted. 1. Emphysematous change without acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Dyspnea and weakness None available.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Note is of an closure device which appears grossly appropriate The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Post closure device placement None available.
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. Right paratracheal density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. Surgical clips are noted in the region of the left breast. There is mild diaphragm eventration. No evidence of active disease. -year-old female with anterior midline chest pain.
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Seizure and
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours with aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Left hilar and left lower lobe calcifications indicate a previous granulomatous process. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute findings -year-old female, preop evaluation
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. No evidence for heart failure. Edema. None.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified. Normal chest film.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic atherosclerosis. Hyperexpanded lungs. right perihilar/midlung density. Streaky bibasilar opacities, as well. Left upper lobe nodular opacity (anterior first rib interspace) may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. Grossly similar midthoracic vertebral fracture. 1. No focal air space consolidation. 2. Nodular opacity at the left apex may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. chest may provide further evaluation, if warranted. -year-old female. Preoperative chest x-. Left wrist fracture. , .
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with pain. .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. No evidence of active tuberculosis. -year-old male, history of positive PPD, completed treatment. HIV positive. None.
Normal heart size is prominent left ventricular contour. Unfolding of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male, hypertension, chest pain. None available
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified. Normal chest film. Dyspnea Radiograph from
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
Borderline cardiac enlargement. Vascular congestion without overt pulmonary edema. Basilar atelectasis with posterior recess pleural effusions. Overall, findings of mild volume overload. Difficulty breathing None.
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. opacities are noted in the lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. Chronic changes without acute disease. Dyspnea
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality. Large hiatal hernia. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Large hiatal hernia. -year-old female, . Chest radiographs .
Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with . None.
No focal areas of consolidation. No pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. Osseous structures intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old male, chronic . Chest x- dated .
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. SOB , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Prominent left epicardial fat . No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Burshe chest pain x3 days. Intermittent radiation to left arm and neck.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Small T-spine osteophytes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Back pain. Jaw pain. None available.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman, elbowed in abdomen.. Two view chest radiograph , ..
Heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary process. year old, one month. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures. 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old female chest pain. None.
Low lung volumes. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild left lingular platelike atelectasis. are grossly unremarkable. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Clear lungs. -year-old male with chest pain None available
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. No pleural effusion. There are spine marginal osteophytes. Stable chest. No acute disease process identified. Left chest, shoulder and midback pain. , .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted. No acute disease. ,
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. There is elevated right hemidiaphragm and evidence of right upper lobectomy. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. +PPD. No known exposure. History of right upper lobectomy.
Heart size appears upper limits of normal. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise normal mediastinum. Confluent and opacities seen within the left base. There are no visible nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. Left basilar mixed interstitial and alveolar infiltrate. Interval followup to resolution is recommended. -year-old male with history of . PA and lateral chest x- dated .
There is interval removal of the tracheostomy tube and right subclavian central venous catheter. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are pulmonary opacities with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic , on the right greater than left, with pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. Right perihilar opacities. No pneumothorax identified. 1. Enlarged cardiac silhouette, possibly consistent with mild cardiomegaly versus a small pericardial effusion. 2. Mild bibasilar atelectasis and/or infiltrates with probable small bilateral pleural effusions, on the right greater than left, and pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. . -year-old male with a history of partial right lung resection presents for evaluation. Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated .
Low lung volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Lungs are clear airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. are grossly intact. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Shortness of breath, chest pain None.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Right hilar surgical clips. Stable right-sided volume loss. Increasing density in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, seen on lateral view. No pneumothorax. Severe degenerative disease of the . Increasing density in the superior segment the left lower lobe, seen on lateral view, consistent worsening of known tumor. Shortness of breath, chest pain, productive . Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral ,
Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No acute findings. -year-old female with blood-tinged sputum. CT thorax from and chest radiographs from .
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Soft tissues unremarkable Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, chest pain Chest x-, .
Low lung volumes with magnified appearance of the heart, normal heart size. Negative for consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with dyspnea Chest x-, 8
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace opacities. No pneumothorax. No effusions. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No deformities. Emphysematous changes. Chronic lung disease, with no acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with dizziness. None available.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, coronary artery stent artifact, and clips suggest CABG. Mediastinal and hilar calcifications indicate a previous granulomatous process. Stable hyperinflation, bilateral upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities, right greater than left, opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring. No abnormal pulmonary opacities, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Osseous demineralization, stable appearance of T9 and T12 fractures. Chronic changes as described, no acute findings -year-old female, chest pain
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Mild basilar atelectasis. Increased density the lung bases, favored this attenuation from overlying breast shadows. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Preop right knee surgery
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. opacity in left midlung. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear. No acute disease. testis cancer
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures show arthritic changes. No acute pulmonary disease. The patient's physical. Smoking history.
Evaluation for pneumothorax is limited due to exclusion of the superior-most pulmonary apices. No visible pleural . No focal air space opacities or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No free subdiaphragmatic air. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Included osseous structures are grossly intact. No acute pulmonary disease. -year-old male with . , .
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Left pleural effusion is present. A mass density is present in the left midlung zone. This measures approximately 3.2 cm in diameter. Air-fluid level is present behind the heart which probably represents a hiatal hernia. Some of right lung atelectasis are noted. Osteopenia and deformities are present in the spine. Multiple surgical clips are noted. No pneumothorax is seen. 1. Left midlung mass. 2. Left base effusion. 3. Probable hiatal hernia. Lung cancer. None.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There is redemonstration of a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male with chest pain. PA and lateral chest x- dated .
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest No evidence of tuberculosis placement
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Shortness of breath, wheezing, . , .
Chest. Heart size is normal lungs are clear. Calcified left lung and left hilar granulomas. Left shoulder. No fractures and no dislocations. Minimal degenerative disease. chest pain.
Lumbar and are low. No infiltrates. Heart size normal. A large hiatal hernia is present. An age-indeterminate fracture is present in the lower thoracic vertebra. Scoliosis is present in the thoracic and thoracolumbar spine. No visible active cardiopulmonary disease. chest pain
Heart size is normal. Low lung volumes. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures grossly intact. Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with right pleuritic pain for 7 days. .
Cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. Low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact. Surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. . -year-old female with history of , MVC. None.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. Preop surgical for knee surgery
Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. 1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of obstructive lung disease. -year-old female with history of asthma, preoperative evaluation for back surgery
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. There are 2 right upper lobe lung nodules, the largest measuring approximately 12 mm. Lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable. Right upper lobe lung nodules. Recommend . -year-old female .
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. PRE-OP VENTRAL HERNIA REPAIR, OBESITY, APNEA, None.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mild spine curvature noted. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old female, chest pain
The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with , wheezing, dyspnea Chest x-,
Sternotomy and mediastinal clips are unchanged. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Pulmonary vasculature and are unchanged. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged. No interval change.
The cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No focal opacities. There is no large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. There is deformities involving multiple vertebral bodies of the thoracic spine which appear stable compared to the previous exam. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Stable deformities of the upper thoracic segments. -year-old male with atrial fibrillation PA and lateral view of the chest on , .
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within limits. Postoperative changes from spinal rods are demonstrated. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Multiple colonic loops are demonstrated in the left upper quadrant. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Left humeral head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid, concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation. 1. No active cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Left humeral head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid, concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation. This is related to the muscular dystrophy and decreased shoulder muscles support. 3. postoperative changes from the spinal placement. Duchenne's muscular dystrophy portable chest
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest
The lungs are hyperinflated with mildly coarsened interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. The mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size. There is redemonstration without significant change in right hilar calcified lymph . The bony structures of the thorax demonstrate degenerative changes of the right shoulder and a right humerus consistent with distal humeral amputation. No acute bony abnormality identified. Changes of chronic lung disease without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. -year-old , , preop.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with wheezing, , .. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
The trachea is midline. The cardio mediastinal silhouette is of normal size and contour. No evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. Low lung volumes atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding . The patient is a -year-old with and hyperglycemia. None available.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No focal airspace disease. Diffuse interstitial opacities. Bony structures appear intact. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old female with chest pain and
Moderate sized right loculated pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis. Normal cardiac contour with atherosclerotic changes throughout the aorta. Clear left lung . 1. Moderate right pleural effusion. -year-old male with dyspnea. None.
The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and shape. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old male with chest pain. None.
The heart is large. Lung volumes are . opacity persists in the right midlung. No focal infiltrates. Persistent cardiomegaly. Right midlung scar. No visible acute failure or pneumonia. dyspnea , .
Normal heart. Clear lungs. Stable calcified granuloma left midlung. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Midline trachea. Normal chest exam. Chest pain. at p.m.
Heart and mediastinum within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute abnormality. -year-old pregnant woman with chest pain, palpitations, shortness of breath. Chest x- , .
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old woman with . Two-view chest graft dated , .
Normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Atherosclerotic calcifications identified within the aortic . The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Flowing thoracic spine osteophytes noted. 1. No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. syncope None.
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. Thoracic aorta is mildly ectatic, stable. Old right clavicular fracture is again noted. Clear lungs. Chest pain
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Chest pain None.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. , symptoms
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest No evidence of tuberculosis Tuberculosis positive PPD
Heart size, mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Very mild right apex curvature and upper thoracic spine is nonspecific. onset hemoptysis
No comparison chest x-. Clear lungs. No effusions. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. pleuritic pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. HYPERTENSION; preop
The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Unchanged multiple foreign bodies overlying the left clavicle and midline in the posterior soft tissues. The bony thorax is grossly intact. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, Chest x-,
The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pulmonary nodules are identified. No acute process. No definite pulmonary nodules are seen. If clinically indicated, further evaluation with CT of the thorax can be performed to identify a small nodule. Correlation with prior radiographs would be helpful to identify the location of the previously described nodule. History of nodule
Calcified lymph in both . amount of focal atelectasis posterior to the left heart. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or large focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. 1. Focal atelectasis to the left lung, posterior to the heart. The patient is a -year-old male with history of cirrhosis, SBP, fevers.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Weakness and dizziness.
Mild cardiomegaly. Tortuous thoracic aorta with atherosclerosis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine without evidence of deformity. The visualized osseous structures are intact. No displaced rib fractures. No edema or airspace consolidation No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Seizure
Borderline cardiac enlargement. Tortuous aorta. Prominent hilar contours. Worsening patchy peripheral opacification in the right midlung, somewhat pleural based. A pneumonia superimposed on changes of emphysema and parenchymal scarring would be a consideration. A followup study and 4 to 6 weeks could be considered to evaluate for resolution. If this area does not resolve, further characterization with may be warranted. Hypoxia ,
Chest. Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Ribs. There are no displaced rib fractures, or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures. Soft tissues appear normal. Chest. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Ribs. No displaced rib fractures, or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures. Persistent . Osteopenia and recent on left chest. Lower rib pain on a one ago , . , .
The cardiac contours are normal. Calcified tortuous thoracic aorta. Emphysema. Mild apical scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. None.
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. No pneumonia. chills and
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are multiple sternotomy and surgical clips compatible with prior CABG. The most caudal sternotomy is fractured. There are no acute bony findings. 1. Low lung volumes. No acute pulmonary findings. 2. Fractured sternotomy , without evidence of complication. . Chest pain. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent a focus of free air. 1. lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent free intraperitoneal air. Left lateral decubitus film may be helpful. 2. Clear lungs. year-old male, chest pain None.
The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is at the upper limits of normal. Calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is stable in appearance compared to the previous examinations. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with onset, with wheezing in bilateral lung . CT chest , , chest x-
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality.. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female, right rib pain. Chest radiographs .
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax, pleural effusions or focal lung consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain
Heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings -year-old female, chest pain, short of breath
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are present. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Ramicade therapy; evaluate for tuberculosis
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules of varying sizes. The largest is noted in the left lower lobe, posteriorly measuring approximately 7.0 cm. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are appreciated. Numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules with dominant nodule/mass in the left lower lung. Diagnostic considerations would include primary lung carcinoma with metastatic nodules versus secondary metastatic disease from known brain tumor. Suggest clinical correlation and further imaging examination. x 6 months, ; history brain tumor
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. . 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Dyspnea. Left upper quadrant pain. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. No significant hilar process to suggest adenopathy. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. No active disease. Evaluate for sarcoidosis None available.
2 images. There is a poorly defined lung nodule in the right upper lobe measuring approximately 7 mm and partially superimposed upon anterior right second rib. Otherwise, the lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. 7 mm right upper lobe lung nodule. Recommend followup characterization with . for one . None. Clinical
There are a few small nodular opacities in the left lung, seen on the frontal view overlying the left 6th posterior rib. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No overt pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. Few small nodular opacities in the left upper lung. These small nodules are relatively dense, suggestive of chronic granulomatous disease. Comparison with an chest radiograph would be helpful to establish stability. -year-old male with atrial fibrillation, V58.69
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old male with dyspnea.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Stable chest without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with chest pain. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
Calcified granulomas. Calcified hilar . No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Question large pulmonary arteries. Lung are hyperexpanded. Prominent substernal air space. Aortic calcifications. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. Hyperexpanded lung compatible with COPD. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old female, chronic airway obstruction, history of COPD. PA lateral views of the chest dated .
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base. Bibasilar bandlike opacities are present. The appearance scarring or atelectasis. 1. Evidence of previous granulomatous infection. 2. Bibasilar bandlike opacities. The appearance atelectasis/scar. Bone marrow transplant evaluation. None.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Clear lungs. Chest pain, re: / altercation
No acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is stable enlargement of the heart. No focus of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old woman with chest pain. Chest radiograph .
Study is somewhat limited by body habitus. Cardiomegaly is noted, with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings, suspicious for developing interstitial pulmonary edema. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or definite effusion identified. No acute bony abnormality seen. Cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings, concerning for interstitial pulmonary edema. -year-old woman with . None.
The lungs are relatively clear with sulci. Heart size normal in LV contour. Slightly unfolded ascending and descending aorta. T-spine unremarkable. No significant finding. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small nodule in the right upper lung is stable. The lungs are otherwise clear. Small right upper lobe nodule, stable. Otherwise, no acute disease. Testicular cancer, Shielded.
Two views of chest was obtained in AP projection. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. Lungs demonstrate segmental air space disease within the left lower lobe. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is evidence of CABG. 1. Left lower lobe airspace disease suspicious for pneumonia.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart size is normal with postoperative changes consistent with CABG. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Clear lungs History of sarcoidosis with pretibial lesion None.
3 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Sensation of food in throat. Choking sensation. None.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified lymph are present. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. No evidence of active disease. chest pain
Stable chronic appearing left basilar opacities. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures appear intact. Degenerative changes of the visualized thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, . CT chest dated . Chest x- dated .
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with syncope and .. None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old male with chest pain. None.
The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are degenerative changes of the spine. 1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs, suggestive of emphysema. -year-old female with history breast cancer, for 2 weeks. 272.4 Chest x- , CT chest
There is a moderate layering left pleural effusion, grossly stable. There is a moderate right pleural effusion, which is partially loculated. There is some pleural fluid tracking along the right fissure. There is bibasilar airspace disease, possibly passive atelectasis. No pneumothorax is identified. Heart size is within normal limits. Right PICC tip is at the SVC. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. 1. Partially loculated right pleural effusion, grossly stable. 2. Stable moderate layering left pleural effusion. 3. Bibasilar airspace disease, possibly atelectasis. Metastatic ovarian cancer, evaluate pleural effusion chest x-, scan
Comparison , . Anticipated senescent findings with grossly clear lungs and stable/unremarkable mediastinal contour. No effusions. No acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. No destructive bony lesions are seen. ,719.41,185 . Prostate cancer.
Heart size or great lungs are clear. Calcified 5 mm granuloma in the right upper lobe underneath the second anterior rib end. tuberculosis positive PPD in the . Patient is" allergic"' to PPD serum
Dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. Clear lungs bilaterally. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. 1. Dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. 2.No evidence of acute bony abnormalities. -year-old female with the right rib pain after assault. None.
Pacemaker generator overlying the left chest in stable position with 2 leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle in stable position. Stable sternotomy . No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Minimal fluid within the right horizontal fissure. Stable pacemaker generator within the left chest with 2 distal leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle, also in stable position. No pneumothorax. -year-old female status post pacemaker placement
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There is tortuosity of the aorta, compatible with atherosclerosis. Low lung volumes. Minimal opacities within the lung bases, subsegmental atelectasis. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. Low lung volume study with minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the lung bases. No acute pulmonary process. Short of breath with acute mental status changes.. PA and lateral chest .
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Degenerative spine. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Knee pain, preop
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . and Chest congestion. -year-old female. and chest congestion.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. None ,786.09 ABNORMALITY
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.. No acute, displaced rib fractures. 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain. Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated .
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax, no pleural effusion. No displaced rib fractures. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. No displaced fractures. -year-old male with right chest wall contusion. None available.
There are low lung volumes. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . 719.41, male with left shoulder pain None.
1. Chest. No active disease. 2. Right shoulder. Healing scapular fracture. right shoulder pain. , . Chest. Both lungs remain in clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum are normal. Right shoulder. The glenohumeral joint show slight narrowing. Fracture line in the scapula is less distinct than previously. change in the alignment of the scapula and spine.
No focal consolidation. There are prominent interstitial markings, including focally in right upper lobe, which are similar from prior examination. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. There are no pleural effusions. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old chest pain and dyspnea. Chest radiograph .
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old with chest pain. PA and lateral chest from .
Borderline cardiomegaly, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old male, pain, short of breath
Normal cardiac contour. Stable calcified granuloma left upper lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Clear lungs bilaterally. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities -year-old male with chest pain. Chest radiograph
The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are scattered bilateral opacities, most notably in the right middle lobe, of subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is identified. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. 1. Scattered of subsegmental atelectasis, most notably in the right middle lobe. 2. Mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette; cardiomegaly versus pericardial effusion. Preoperative evaluation, pericardial effusion
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. The lungs are well-expanded and clear. There is no focal airspace opacity. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There is irregularity of the 7th posterior right rib with underlying pleural thickening. 1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Irregularity of the posterior right 7th rib with underlying pleural thickening. This may be related to , however, if there is no known history, consider comparison with prior studies if available of the chest for further evaluation -year-old male with preoperative prostate surgery. No chest complaints. Hypertension. None.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. There is a discrete 1.4 cm nodule within the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. The additional nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Heart size normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. Bony structures appear intact. Right unilateral nipple ring. 1. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. 1.4 cm right lower lobe nodule, calcified granulomas disease. If patient high for pulmonary malignancy, consider cross-sectional imaging to verify. -year-old female with colon sinus symptoms for 3 weeks None available
The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There are calcifications in the aortic . There is a calcified granuloma at the left lower lung. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with dyspnea. ,
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. -A- has its tip at the caval atrial junction. No active disease. Chest pain. None.
Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, focal airspace consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male, tobacco use. Scheduled for melanoma surgery. None.
Clear lungs. No airspace disease or other parenchymal infiltrates. No of pleural effusions. No pulmonary edema. Normal heart size, mediastinal contours and normal pulmonary vasculature. No of active cardiopulmonary disease. Unchanged. non productive chronic . no . . does st sweats. .
Heart size is normal in cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No consolidations. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. and soft tissues are unremarkable. Lungs are hyperinflated. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality sob , .
The previously seen right-sided PICC has been removed. The heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old with . .
Lung volumes remain low. No infiltrates. Heart and pulmonary remain normal. change. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. dyspnea , .
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. Emphysematous changes. Nodular densities projecting over right anterior fifth and six ribs. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality. Nodular densities projecting over right 5th and 6th ribs may healing rib fracture; recommended to rule-out underlying pulmonary nodule. level Veriphy message was sent . regarding possible lung nodules at hours /. Preoperative evaluation. Patient on home oxygen. AP chest radiograph
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no focal air space opacity, pneumothorax, or effusion. The bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality. . No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Unremarkable examination of the chest. -year-old male with right upper quadrant pain. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Right chest tip is again seen at the cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. There is again elevation of right hemidiaphragm with right-sided pleural effusion. Vague opacities are noted in the right upper lobe, from prior study. These may be related to overlying rib lesions versus true pulmonary nodules. The left lung appears grossly clear. Drainage catheter seen overlying the right upper quadrant. 1. Redemonstration of elevated right hemidiaphragm with associated basilar airspace disease and effusion. 2. Ill-defined right upper lung opacities, possibly related to superimposed rib lesions versus developing pulmonary nodules. Further imaging of the chest may be indicated. TRANSPLEURAL BILOMA , , RIGHT CHEST PAIN RADIATING TO SHOULDER, LOCULATED RIGHT EFFUSION /10 US;
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest .
heart size is normal and lungs are clear. Calcified left hilar lymph . History of arthritis. Tobacco use and elevated level rule out sarcoidosis
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. pt with ? h/o COPD/ smoking, r/o infiltrate/mass None.
There is a lobulated contour to the right paratracheal stripe, possibly consistent with a vascular structure or lymph . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. 1. Lobulated contour of the right paratracheal stripe. This may represent a vascular structure or enlarged lymph node and could be evaluated further with chest CT. Otherwise, no acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old male with . None.
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There are diminished lung volumes. Right greater than left bilateral hilar and subcarinal adenopathy is again seen. The cardiac silhouette is prominent but probably artifactually large due to diminished lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There is a deformity of the left clavicle compatible with remote . No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Mediastinal and hilar adenopathy compatible with patient's known sarcoidosis. , difficulty breathing. History of sarcoidosis. .
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Left-sided rib pain. None.
Hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory . -year-old male,
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No change calcified aorticopulmonary node. No active disease. Hx of chest pain ..no common .
Feeding tube noted with tip distal to the gastroesophageal junction. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. Osseous structures intact. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Feeding tube tip distal to the gastroesophageal junction. -year-old male, dysphasia, . PA and lateral views of the chest dated .
Heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally without effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. chest pain , .
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with . .
There are persistent low lung volumes. There is stable streaky left lower lobe airspace disease. Probable residual left pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Stable cardiomediastinal contour. Left-sided rib fractures are better appreciated on the chest comparison. 1. Probable residual left pneumothorax. 2. Stable streaky left basilar airspace disease, possibly atelectasis. vehicle collision, rib fracture, pneumothorax
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are hypoinflated with scarring in the left lung base. There is no focal consolidation or significant effusion. Mild chronic changes in the left lung base without acute disease. pre-liver transplant
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. There is minimal sclerotic change overlying the midthoracic spine the lateral view. Unclear whether this is a pulmonary finding or skeletal finding. Bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for potential metastatic disease. The mediastinal contours are normal. 1. Vague increased sclerotic focus overlying the posterior spine on lateral , from prior study. Although this may be artifact or a pulmonary density, a sclerotic focus within the thoracic cannot be excluded. Bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for metastatic disease to the bone.
CHEST. The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base. SOFT TISSUE NECK. There is reversal of the normal cervical lordosis which may indicate muscle spasm versus a positional phenomenon. There is no prevertebral soft tissue . The epiglottis is within normal limits. There is a 3 mm x 1 mm density identified on the lateral exam only, possibly within one of the piriform sinuses. SOFT TISSUE NECK. Small 3 x 1 mm density possibly in a piriform sinus only seen on the lateral exam. CHEST. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with difficulty breathing. Feels like she has choking. . Throat pain. Nonsmoker. Shortness of breath. None.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old with pain. None.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. 1. Clear lungs. -year-old with , productive , for nodule or TB. None available
There is mild mentally without pulmonary edema. Tortuous thoracic aorta, unchanged. Stable positioning of the dual- cardiac device. No visible pneumothorax. There is a small left pleural effusion. Focal airspace consolidation is visualized in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, appreciated on lateral projection. Increased retrosternal clear space suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. 1. Left lower lobe, superior segment, airspace consolidation, radiographic appearance most typical for pneumonia. Based on patient's age, a followup chest x- to document resolution is recommended. 2. left parapneumonic pleural effusion. Chest pain
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. Soft tissue density overlying the left lateral upper chest may represent the patient's lipoma. preop lipoma.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings. resulting in the anterior chest pain None.
No acute osseous abnormality. Soft tissues are within normal limits. Borderline enlargement of the heart. Normal hilar vasculature. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old woman with chest pain None.
Lung volumes are mildly low. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size contour. No consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative disc change at the thoracic spine, no deformity. Low lung volumes, no acute cardiopulmonary findings. Shortness of breath Chest
There is blunting of the left costophrenic compatible with a moderate to large left pleural fluid collection. There are areas of airspace opacity within the left lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. Minimal bandlike atelectasis within the right lung base. Heart size is normal. Left-sided tunneled catheter terminates at the caval atrial junction. Right IJ venous catheter terminates at the proximal SVC. Lines and tubes as above. Moderate-to-large left pleural effusion, with adjacent airspace disease or atelectasis. - placement. PICC placement. None. Clinical
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascular is unremarkable lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax, pneumomediastinum, or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the to be grossly intact. Prominent rib cartilage of the anterior lower ribs seen on lateral view. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Assault, with tire iron on right lateral chest ,
Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are low lung volumes. There is no focal opacities. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. Positive PPD PA and lateral views of the chest on , .
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Productive . None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. Calcified lymph are identified in the left infrahilar region. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified. 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old male with chest pain. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is minimal opacity in the lung bases. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Syncope, loss of consciousness on . None.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Chest pressure. No known . None.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Left hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute findings -year-old male,
Normal cardiac contours. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bilateral lower lobe bronchial thickening consistent with bronchitis. 1. Bilateral lower lobe bronchitis. -year-old female with dyspnea. None.
The heart size is top normal, cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Chest congestion, for one .
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. No evidence of active disease. Chronic .
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense nodule again noted in the right lower lobe suggesting a previous granulomatous process. No acute findings -year-old female, pain,
comparison , . Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest. WITH BREATHING WALKS
The cardiac contours are normal. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. Achalasia None.
Increased interstitial opacities non-specific. Question edema or atypical infection? Heart size normal. Stable mediastinal silhouette. No lobar consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild increased reticular interstitial opacity. , dyspnea. ,
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. No focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, for mass/infiltrate CT of the chest with high-resolution from .
There are very low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There are -filled loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant. The bowel pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen. There is no pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. The streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis. No definite infectious infiltrate is seen. There is scoliosis and exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis. 1. Very low lung volumes without definite acute cardiopulmonary finding. . -year-old male with pain. None.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. The patient was shielded. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with chest pain. None.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Nodular densities projecting over the posterior 9th ribs bilaterally are consistent with nipple shadows. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. Hyperexpansion without acute pulmonary abnormality. and congestion for 2 days. None.
Heart size is normal. There are densely calcified mediastinal and right hilar lymph which suggest prior histoplasmosis exposure. No consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute abnormality identified. MVA. None.
The lungs are mildly hyperinflated, with upper lobe areas of lung lucency suggesting obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. No superimposed focal airspace consolidation is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Emphysema. Chest pain. None available.
There is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic seen on lateral view. In addition, there is a interface along the left hemidiaphragm. This may represent attenuation artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus views would better evaluate. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are clear. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. 1. Right basilar opacity with associated blunting of costophrenic on lateral view may represent small pleural effusion, atelectasis, and/or consolidation. 2. Interface at the left hemidiaphragm may represent artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus films would better evaluate. Chest pain. None.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. pain None.
Right-sided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium. Postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy . Left base opacities again noted, stable. There is a left lung opacity, not well appreciated on prior. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Low lung volumes. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. 1. Left midlung opacity, not well seen on prior exam, may represent focus of airspace disease. 2. Stable left base opacities, scarring or atelectasis. 2. Postsurgical changes as above. . -year-old male, mediastinal germ cell tumor, surgery on mediastinum last . Portable chest dated .
The cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. There is no focal opacity. After further review with staff radiologist there is a right upper lobe focal opacity reflecting pneumonia. Rule out pneumonia. None.
Chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. Significant bilateral emphysematous changes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with dizziness. Chest x- .
The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. chest x- and lateral from , .
Low lung volumes bilaterally. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with and weakness.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
Cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. and soft tissue are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain. Chest x- .
Pulmonary detail obscured secondary to body habitus and superimposed soft tissue. Again seen is a left basilar opacity compatible with some effusion and adjacent left basilar atelectasis. Overall, size of effusion appears slightly smaller. Right lung stable and grossly clear. No acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. HYPERTENSION; Comparison ,
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Back pain None.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and unchanged from prior examinations with sternotomy and surgical clips overlying. There is blunting of the right costophrenic which appears unchanged from prior examination and may be secondary to scarring or pleural thickening of the right lung base. There is no evidence of acute infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. 1. Hyperexpanded lung . 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Shortness of breath. chest x-, 2 views from .
The cardiomediastinal contours are stable and normal. Mid sternotomy again noted. Mildly low lung volumes. No significant pulmonary edema, focal lung consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax seen. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with chest pain. None.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Mild aortic tortuosity. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings. . None.
There is a cortical irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum. In addition, there is a focal retrosternal hypodense convexity. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is torturous however the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. There is streaky opacity within the left lung base representing atelectasis. Otherwise, the lungs are clear. There is thoracic kyphosis. There is hyperinflation of the lungs. Core irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum may represent an age-indeterminate nondisplaced fracture. In addition, focal lentiform hyperdensity along the aspect of the sternum may represent callus formation. Left basilar atelectasis otherwise clear lungs. Chest pain after . None.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is airspace opacity in the mid right lung radiating from the right hilum to the pleura and bordered inferiorly by the fissures. The fissure is convex upward. There is right base patchy airspace opacity. This appears chronic and may be due to scarring. There is no significant pleural effusion. Right upper lobe airspace consolidation Please correlate clinically for pneumonia. , shortness of breath, history of pneumonia 6 months ago. , .
Heart size mildly enlarged. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. S-shaped spine curvature noted. Cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings -year-old female,
Considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomegaly and stable mediastinal contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute findings -year-old female, dyspnea
Cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. and soft tissue are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with history of cell disease, pain. Chest x- 11//15/.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size cardiac silhouette, allowing for an AP projection. Normal contour of the mediastinum and aorta. Grossly clear lungs. No obvious pneumothorax or hemothorax. No acute displaced clavicle or rib fractures. No acute thoracic . . MVA today.
Heart size normal. Lungs clear. No evidence of tuberculosis. No change from prior exam TB
There is an ovoid opacity 3.5 cm in the retrocardiac area on AP view, not well-seen on the lateral view, a dedicated scan is recommended. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. The heart is normal in size. No hilar lymphadenopathy. No destructive bony lesions. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. An ovoid opacity in the left retrocardiac area, could be projectional or solid mass, further study is recommended. . None available this institution.
The heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old with . .
The heart size is within normal limits. After cirrhotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened diaphragms and increased retrosternal clear space suggestive of emphysema. Streaky left basilar opacities are favored to represent scarring. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. Scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. No acute bony abnormalities. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Chronic changes of emphysema and left basilar scarring. -year-old female with chest pain
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest. chest pain
Size is normal limits. Cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. There is a vague opacity in the right infrahilar region. There is also a 5 mm well circumscribed nodule in the right upper lung . It is not well visualized on lateral view. 1. Right perihilar lung nodule. Recommend CT thorax with contrast to further assess. Dr. the findings . dx with lung mass None .
The heart size is persistently enlarged. Lung volumes are low. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old woman with dyspnea. .
1. interstitial airspace opacities in the lower lobes most consistent with atypical infectious process in the setting of . 2. No pleural effusion or visible pneumothorax. . Chest x- for a 7
Heart size within normal limits. Mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with crowded markings in the right lung base. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. Mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the left suprahilar lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old male, dyspnea
No suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. Findings compatible with right apical chronic inflammatory change. No acute airspace process or pleural effusion. Stable mediastinal contour. No acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. LBOT CA Comparison , .
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male with chest pain and shortness of breath. PA and lateral chest x- dated .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is mild prominence of the superior mediastinum which is somewhat lucent and reflects mediastinal and vascular structures. No focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion. 1. Hypoinflation without acute parenchymal infiltrate. 2. Mild mediastinal prominence related to superimposed and mediastinal fat. Chest pain, dyspnea
There is hyperexpansion. The heart size is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Two circular densities overlying the right ribs which were not present in the CT. No focal infiltrates Emphysema. Recommend rib series to to establish that circular densities overlying ribs are in the ribs. Evaluate for pneumonia CT of the chest dated
Mild cardiomegaly. Small area of platelike atelectasis in left mid lung. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. No active disease. Preop None available
Heart size is normal. Calcified right paratracheal lymph calcified granuloma in the peripheral portion right upper lobe. No arteriographic evidence of tuberculosis. tuberculosis in the +PPD
Heart , mediastinum, , bony structures are unremarkable. Stable increased lung volumes consistent with chronic lung disease. No infiltrates noted. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease Productive , history of COPD
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. old left rib fractures. Lungs are clear without suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Hepatitis C. Hepatocellular carcinoma.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is rounded calcified density within the left lower lobe most consistent with granuloma. Remaining lungs are clear without evidence of focal opacification. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male, . None.
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Dizziness and shortness of breath. Lightheadedness. , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Calcified right lower lobe granuloma. No focal airspace consolidation.. No visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. loss, chest pain None.
There is minimal scarring in the lung apices. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There is dextrocurvature within the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . 786.2 None.
Consolidation and some atelectasis are present in the left lower lobe. Patchy interstitial infiltrates are also present in the right lower lobe. Bilateral costophrenic blunting is present. Heart and pulmonary are normal. Bibasilar airspace disease, left worse right. Bilateral pleural fluid. Patient with dyspnea and
No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal cardiac contours. Clear lungs bilaterally. Redemonstration of transmetatarsal amputation. No evidence of acute fracture-dislocations. No evidence of any bony erosions or osseous infections. Right foot 1. No evidence of the bony erosions or osseous infection. Chest radiograph 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with crackles on lung examination and follow up for osteomyelitis. Chest radiograph /, right foot radiograph /.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. 1 h/o HTN , .
Presumed closure device at the level of the ligamentum arteriosum. Normal cardiac silhouette and clear lungs, with no evidence of left-to-right shunt. PDA
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule. No acute cardio pulmonary disease low back pain
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Chest pain with shortness of breath None.
Heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. No focal consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fractures are seen. There are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain
The patient is rotated to left. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. lucency along the left ventricular related to interface between the heart and aerated lung. Patchy right perihilar/upper lobe opacities, which abut the fissure on lateral projection. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. No definite acute bone abnormality. Right upper lobe pneumonia. Consideration may be given for followup chest x-, following appropriate therapy. -year-old male. . CT chest, dated , .
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest . None.
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old male status post
Heart size mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female, axillary lymphadenopathy None available
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. Elevated right diaphragm. The lungs are clear. degenerative spondylosis. There appears to be a mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle. Mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle. No acute pulmonary findings. Kicked by . None.
Mild hyperinflation. Scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size near top normal limits, aortic ectasia/tortuosity similar to prior. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old male, , of breath
Heart size is normal. No nodules, masses, or adenopathy. Calcified right paratracheal and right hilar lymph unchanged. History of testicular cancer
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Granulomatous calcifications in the paratracheal region. Mild streaky scarring in the right upper lobe. No active pneumonia. Bony structures are intact. No lobar pneumonia is present. Pneumonia followup No comparisons were available at the time of this dictation. If outside comparisons become available, an addendum will be at the time of comparison.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Stable foreign body over the left breast ( nipple piercing). Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain. Two view chest radiograph dated , .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild granulomatous sequela are noted. The lungs are grossly clear. No acute disease. Preop for cholecystectomy, history of apnea
The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The patient is a -year-old male with .
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Elevated right diaphragm, unchanged History of syncope
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with 2 years of and dyspnea.. None.
Limited exam as the left costophrenic is excluded from the PA view. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Mild lung hyperinflation. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There is large calcified granuloma within the medial right lung base. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Mild multilevel degenerative changes seen within the thoracic spine. No visible acute fracture. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. 2. Mild hyperinflation. -year-old male with chest pain. PA and lateral chest x- dated .
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are streaky left basilar opacities and blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus secondary to a small effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. Small left pleural effusion with left basilar atelectasis. -year-old female with C-section 5 days ago, None available
No gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. No pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact. 1. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. None.
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old complaining of dizziness None.
There is moderate cardiomegaly. No interstitial edema or pleural effusion. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax. There is mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. 1. Cardiomegaly without radiographic evidence of heart failure. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, CHF None available
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with history of right cervical lymphadenopathy.. Two-view chest dated , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Small T-spine osteophytes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Shortness of breath. None available.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified left midlung 5 mm granuloma and left hilar granulomas. No effusions. No nodules or masses. No pneumonia. No bony abnormalities. Status post left shoulder replacement. History of malaise and fatigue
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute right pulmonary findings. -year-old female dyspnea. PA lateral views the chest from .
Lungs are hyperexpanded bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest single frontal portable AP a.m.
Stable mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours are unchanged. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable mild cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. Chest pain
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with chronic kidney disease; preoperative evaluation. None.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No evidence of tuberculosis. Mildly prominent ascending aorta with calcification of aortic question hypertension. tuberculosis positive PPD
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is a right chest with central venous catheter tip overlying the high SVC. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with and chest tightness, history of leukemia. .
Heart size, mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Lungs are well expanded with no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. , congestion, pain None available
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. 42y female with positive ppd , .
The heart is mild enlarged. Central pulmonary vascularity is again accentuated. There are also mild increased interstitial markings without focal consolidation or pleural effusion. Mild stable cardiomegaly with mild central pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial accentuation, edema. Dyspnea
The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of a pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Multilevel flowing anterior thoracic spine osteophytes, which could represent changes of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (DISH). There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. . Preoperative evaluation None.
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. chest pain None.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with Chest radiograph ,
There is mild cardiomegaly and tortuous aorta. Mildly low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The are intact and without acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Chest radiograph. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with shortness of breath None.
No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain None available
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Lung volumes are low normal. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Wheezing, chest pain. None.
Heart size normal and lungs clear. chronic .
There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. There are mild thoracic spine degenerative changes. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old bone marrow transplant workup. None.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. Again identified are numerous calcified mediastinal lymph as well as large calcifications within the left upper and left lower lobes. These appear similar to the patient's previous chest CT and are the sequela of prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease, stable. No acute abnormality. -year-old male with chest pain. CT of the chest with contrast .
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Upper thorax is poorly visualized due to patient's overlying head and chin. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Background of mild coarse interstitial opacities seen throughout the lungs related to background of emphysema. Calcified granuloma is seen in the left medial lung base. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Deformity of the right 6th rib laterally has appearance of acute or subacute fracture. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are again seen. Age indeterminant but acute to subacute right 6th rib fracture. Generalized weakness.
Very low lung volumes, bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar areas of atelectasis. No lobar consolidation. No appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. Chest pain
Stable cardiac enlargement. Vascular congestion is redemonstrated. Patchy atelectasis and airspace disease is present in the left base. Right base is clear. No large effusion or pneumothorax. Dyspnea ,
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. No focal lung consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with . None.
The heart and mediastinum are normal in size and contour. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Specifically there is no evidence of active tuberculosis infection. -year-old male with positive PPD. PA and lateral chest radiographs .
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. No focal air space disease. Prominent hilar . No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . Chest pain. Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral None.
Chest. Heart size is normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. There is a 13 mm nodule in the right lower lobe that is relatively dense, but not obviously calcified on the corresponding rib series. There are probably right hilar calcified lymph . Lungs otherwise are clear. There is no pleural effusion. Left ribs. No fracture or focal bony destruction. 1. Chest. Large nodule at the right lung base that probably represents a granuloma although not it is not densely calcified. A low KV P chest radiograph can be obtained for confirmation as a there are no comparison studies available in the . If the patient has an outside chest radiograph, comparison can be and the report addended. 2. Ribs. Normal. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. If there are questions regarding this interpretation, please . ,786.50 pt.states has a soreness lt.lower and lateral rib and upper lt.abd.since having a mammogram one month ago.no or lung complaints./pkd None. INDICATION /
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. h/o smoking, dm, xol. evaluate mediastinum.
Heart size is normal lungs are clear. No evidence of tuberculosis. Minimal scoliosis. tuberculosis +PPD None.
The central airway is midline and is . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is no focal lung consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax seen. The osseous structures appear within normal limits. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Normal chest radiograph. -year-old male with significant smoking history and complaints of chest pain. Xray of the ribs 3 views dated p.m.
The Cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. The Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old with dyspnea. , .
Comparison , . Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. No evidence of active tuberculosis. Positive PPD
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. Removal of 2 left-sided chest tubes. There is no pneumothorax. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is minimal posterior pleural effusions. 1. No pneumothorax following removal of left-sided chest tubes. Status post chest tube removal ,
Left anterior chest wall pacemaker/defibrillator. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. Spurring of thoracic spine. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old male. Shortness of breath. Back pain. , .
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old female, , chest pain
Interval removal of cardiac generator. Cardiomegaly. Left base streaky opacities again noted. No large focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. Osseous structures intact. No pneumothorax. 1. Streaky left basilar opacities, atelectasis versus infiltrate. 2. Cardiomegaly, stable. -year-old male, chest pain. PA and lateral views of the chest dated .
There is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base. Calcified granulomas seen in the posterior right lower lobe. Lungs are otherwise clear. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. Minimal small area scarring of the left base. Alveolar and adenopathy. , .
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest No evidence of tuberculosis tuberculosis +PPD
Low lung volumes. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. Low lung volumes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with chest pain. None available
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated. No acute infiltrate is seen. No acute disease. Previous with shortness of breath,
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old for several days. None.
Stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or large effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old female with dyspnea. PA and lateral views of the chest from .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Granulomatous sequela are noted. The previously visualized nodular density in the right upper lobe is not well-seen on today's study. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. No acute disease. ,780.60 congestion; previous
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. There is asymmetric opacity to left suprahilar chest. No discrete correlate is seen on lateral view. Findings may reflect focal airspace disease or adenopathy. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. 1. Asymmetric left suprahilar opacity, consider focal airspace disease or adenopathy. Correlate clinically as to or symptoms of infection. Recommend followup radiograph to document resolution. left chest pain
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. cxr for placement s/p calc fx and distal tibia fx , .
Heart size normal. Lungs clear. Stable 5 mm calcified right midlung nodule History of dyspnea
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with shortness of breath. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragm. No focal lung consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusions. No cardiopulmonary abnormality. Syncope none
There is a left IJ approach central catheter. There is a noted in the catheter at the level of the medial clavicle. The tip of the catheter reaches the level of the brachiocephalic venous confluence. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal silhouette is stable. No edema. Essentially resolved bibasilar atelectasis, no consolidation or pneumothorax. left pleural effusion. Chronic left 6th rib fracture. , outside chest radiographs available on PACs, labeled SFHHC
2 images. Calcified granuloma left upper lobe. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. . None. Clinical
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no focal air space opacity, pneumothorax, or effusion. There are large calcified mediastinal and right hilar granulomas. The bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable appearance of the chest. -year-old female with dysphasia for 3 months. PA lateral chest radiograph, .
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are small round calcific density nodules consistent with prior granulomatous disease bilaterally. Otherwise, the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There are no masses seen. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. h/o sarcoma.
Heart size is within normal limits. 8mm calcified granuloma in the right base. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with COPD. None available.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old with chest pain and shortness of breath. None.
Heart size is normal. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . -year-old male with and dyspnea. Chest radiographs from .
Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours are normal. Osseous structures intact. No acute cardiopulmonary disease Chest pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with left-sided chest pain x3 days, increased today. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old male. Chest pain. HIV. , .
Heart size within normal limits. There is focal left lateral base airspace disease. There is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right midlung. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No displaced rib fractures. There is an apparent deformity of the right humeral surgical neck. This is not seen on the comparison. Correlate clinically with history of fracture. Left base airspace disease and nodular opacity in the right midlung. -year-old male with pneumonia. PA and lateral views of the chest from .
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Dyspnea
Mild cardiomegaly. Normal size and mediastinal contours. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable . Mild cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. . Syncope. None.
Hiatal hernia as before. Scattered right upper lung scarring as before. Overall, Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. ,723.1 ,
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. The lungs are well-expanded and clear. There is no focal airspace opacity. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There is dextrocurvature of the thoracic spine. There is deformity of the T9 vertebral body. Levocurvature of the lumbar spine with significant degenerative change is also noted. 1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Scoliotic curvature of the spine with deformity of the T9 vertebral body. -year-old female, bone marrow transplant workup. Productive for one . None.
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. There is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Back pain, . None.
Heart size is mildly enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine. 1. Low volume study without acute process. 2. Mild cardiomegaly. Left-sided chest pain None available.
Heart size borderline enlarged. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense nodule in the right lower lobe suggests a previous granulomatous process. Borderline heart size, no acute pulmonary findings -year-old male, pain
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Calcified right upper lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph . The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No acute abnormality. . Syncope
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. , .
Cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Minimal streaky bibasilar opacities. Blunted left costophrenic . Bony demineralization. Degenerative changes of the spine. Verterbroplasty change near the thoracolumbar junction. Upper abdominal surgical changes. Chronic appearing deformity of the proximal right humerus. Old right rib fractures. 1. Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. Minimal bibasal subsegmental atelectasis/scar. 3. Very small left pleural effusion. , fractured femur, preop Outside chest radiograph earlier
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. There is a small right pleural effusion. There is infrahilar interstitial prominence which may represent bronchovascular crowding lung. Small left pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Small bilateral pleural effusions and right infrahilar infiltrate versus bronchovascular crowding. Ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome, rest for abnormality
There is marked cardiomegaly. There is questionable dilation of the pulmonary arteries. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Prominent interstitial markings are due to low lung volumes. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. 1. Marked cardiomegaly. 2. Low lung volumes. -year-old female, chest pain None available
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Clear lungs bilaterally. Normal cardiac contours. Multiple anterior endplate osteophyte formation along thoracic spine. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with vertigo. None.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . -year-old female with pain and shortness of breath.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is a thin right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. There is extensive subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall and neck. There are fractures of the right anterior 5th through 9th anterior ribs with mild displacement. Additional fractures cannot entirely be excluded. There is mild streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. Left lung is clear. There is a small hiatal hernia. There is an intrathecal catheter terminating in the lower thoracic spine. 1. right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. 2. Multiple right-sided rib fractures involving at the right anterior 5th through 9th ribs with mild displacement. 3. Mild right basilar airspace disease, atelectasis versus contusion. . , rule out pneumothorax. , .
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary process ICD 9 code 786.51, intermittent left chest pain
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Right apical pleural retraction. Hyperexpansion, flattening of diaphragms, and increased AP diameter consistent with history of COPD. Degenerative disease of the thoracic spine is present. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with COPD exacerbation.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest
and lateral chest examination was obtained. calcified granuloma seen. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute pulmonary disease.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No cavitations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Specifically, no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. -year-old female with tuberculosis contact, rule out TB. None available.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is an 8mm nodule identified within the left lateral midlung partially overlying the posterior left 7th rib. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. Left midlung pulmonary nodule. Comparison to a previous would be most helpful alternatively a noncontrast chest CT could be performed in the nonemergent setting for further characterization. No acute disease. -year-old with left arm tingling and heaviness. Possible blood clot in the left leg. And tingling and chest. Asthma. History of calf. AP chest dated .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic atherosclerosis. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Negative. No significant change from . -year-old female. Chest pain. , .
Clear lungs bilaterally. Normal cardiac contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with shortness of breath. Chest radiograph /.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. There are right upper quadrant surgical clips, perhaps from cholecystectomy. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. onset of right-sided weakness for one . None.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. Degenerative changes are noted in the spine. The descending thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. The mediastinum appears somewhat prominent. 1. Prominent mediastinum. May be due to mediastinal fat. Comparison films, if available, would be useful to determine if this is a chronic appearance. 2. Clear lungs. Low back pain. None.
Heart size is normal. Mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Clear lungs, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. , .
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. Calcified granulomas in bilateral and overlying the T9 vertebral body(lateral view). No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of thoracic spine. No acute osseous abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Scoliosis and arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. There is increased kyphosis of the thoracic spine similar to the prior study Senescent changes no acute pulmonary disease. Complains of intermittent left arm pain ,
Cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. There are stable fractures of several . Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes are seen in the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Pain and shortness of breath. ,
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. atelectasis in the right lung base. No focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. atelectasis in the right lung base. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain. .
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. rll pneumonia , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Stable right lower lobe calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Spurring of the thoracic spine. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. Chest pain. , .
Mildly low lung volumes. Lungs are clear without focal air space disease. Persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. Stable appearance of the chest without focal air space disease. x 3 weeks
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Subtle increased opacity of right mid hemithorax related to superimposed soft tissues. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute disease. Dyspnea
The lateral images limited secondary to motion artifact. No focal consolidation, large pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Heart size normal. unremarkable. Limited exam, no definite acute intrathoracic finding. -year-old female shortness of breath. None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Specifically, no radiographically apparent etiology for hemoptysis. -year-old with hemoptysis. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. Pectus deformity is noted. Left IJ dual-lumen catheter is visualized without pneumothorax. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Kidney transplant evaluation
The aortic , cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is significantly enlarged. Pulmonary vascular markings centrally are within normal limits and symmetric. Increased interstitial markings bilaterally at the lung bases. This may be related to chronic interstitial changes or edema. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. 1. Marked cardiomegaly. 2. Increased interstitial markings in the lower lungs, edema versus chronic interstitial changes. Shortness of breath No prior
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female, preop, .. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
There are sternotomy identified. The heart is within normal limits in size. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. There are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lungs. No focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. Stable appearance of the chest. No acute process. year old hypertension and chest pain. PA and lateral chest .
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There has been interval CABG. Surgical clips are again seen in the epigastric region. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Interval CABG. Chest pain. .
Normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax, pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. No focal lung consolidation. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Dyspnea
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. Degenerative spurring of the thoracic spine persistent
Enlarged cardiac contour, stable. Calcified vasculature. Sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. No confluent consolidation, pleural effusion, or overt pulmonary edema. Mild thoracic spondylosis. No acute findings. Stable cardiac enlargement. Routine medical exam ,
Streaky bibasilar opacities most suggestive of atelectasis with hypoventilation. Heart size mildly enlarged for technique, stable mediastinal contours. No definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old female, chest pain
No comparisons. Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Status post coronary artery bypass grafting. dizziness
Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Nodular opacity overlying the upper lungs bilaterally may represent overlying telemetry , correlate clinically. Otherwise, lungs are clear. No large pleural effusion no pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain
Consolidation, atelectasis, and costophrenic blunting in the left lower lobe have cleared in the interval. A persistent patchy infiltrate is present in the right middle lobe. No infiltrates. Heart is slightly large. Pulmonary are normal. Aorta remains tortuous. Cleared left lower lobe airspace disease with persistent right middle lobe airspace disease. chf vs bronchitis , .
Heart size normal. Mildly tortuous aorta. No overt edema. No focal consolidation, no pneumothorax. No significant pleural effusion, though the extreme posterior right sulcus is excluded on the lateral image. History of CHF
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. 1. No active disease. -year-old female with two- history of Chest 2 views, at 23: 56
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings Asthma None.
The heart size and cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The obstruction are intact with mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old male with chest pain dyspnea. None.
Stable heart size. Diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities. No pneumothorax. No effusions. No acute bony abnormalities. Stable bilateral interstitial opacities, could represent scarring or infiltrate. CT may be helpful to further characterize. -year-old female with HIV and shortness of breath. AP portable chest from .
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease.. Persistent . None.
There is stable left costophrenic blunting. The patient has undergone prior left lobectomy. There are chronic appearing right basilar interstitial markings. Heart size normal. No visualized pneumothorax. There is stable appearing left upper and right upper lobe bullous disease. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Unchanged chronic appearance of the left lung. COPD Chest radiograph .
There is a 1.5 cm nodular opacity projecting over left hilum. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. opacities representing surgical clips, in the midline at the level of the thoracic inlet. 1. Prominence of left hilum which could be due to nodule/lymph node or superimposing blood . In the absence of prior studies for comparison, chest for further evaluation. Result notification Primordial. Preoperative evaluation None.
Hyperexpansion of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease. Heart size within normal limits. Bibasilar, right greater than left atelectasis/airspace disease noted. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Chronic emphysematous lung disease with mild bibasilar, right greater than left airspace disease/atelectasis. -year-old male shortness of breath. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. Lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Chest pain, . MVA. None.
Redemonstration of moderately-inflated lungs, consistent with COPD and unchanged. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic seen. No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized of the chest are within normal limits. Moderately hyperinflated lung , otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. COPD Chest radiograph, .
Heart , mediastinum, , bony structures and lung are unremarkable. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease Chest pain. None.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Hyperinflated lungs. Cardiomegaly. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with
Rotated apical lordotic frontal projection, mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. No definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen. Accounting for technical factors heart size within normal limits, heavily calcified and mildly tortuous aorta. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Limited quality exam shows no definite acute findings. -year-old female, back pain
The heart is normal in size. There is bihilar prominence. The lungs are clear. Bihilar prominence may be secondary mild lymphoid enlargement. Followup chest x- versus further imaging may be indicated. Correlation with prior films would be helpful if available. postmenopausal bleeding cxr 786.2
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. dyspnea , .
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear. Bony structures are intact. Negative chest x-. . None.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings. . None.
Fracture deformity proximal right humerus. Hyperinflation lungs. No pulmonary consolidation. opacity left base compatible atelectasis or scarring. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. Mild atherosclerotic calcification aorta. Prior chest surgery. Costophrenic clear. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in and alignment. 1. Fracture deformity proximal right humerus. 2. No pulmonary consolidation. Hypoxia None available
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Preop, bilateral knee injury. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Chest pain
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Normal chest. , chest pain for shortness of breath for 3 weeks None.
Aorta is ectatic. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Age-indeterminate anterior wedging deformity of lower thoracic vertebra. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain None.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is chronic left hemidiaphragm elevation. The aorta is tortuous and ectatic with atherosclerotic calcifications. Suspected left hemidiaphragm paralysis. Consider a fluoroscopic evaluation for confirmation. Consider of the neck and nasopharynx with intravenous contrast if there is no known potential . Critical result notification documented through Primordial. -year-old with shortness of breath for one . for 2 weeks. AP chest dated . AP chest dated .
The heart is borderline in size. The aorta is mildly tortuous. right IJ catheter is in with tip in proximal right atrium/cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. Lungs are grossly clear. There is no large effusion. Right IJ catheter tip in proximal right atrium. No pneumothorax. Central line placement
A right internal jugular this catheter has been exchanged for a large left internal jugular central venous catheter with the tip at the cavoatrial junction. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Stable thoracolumbar scoliosis. No acute bone findings. Stable cardiomegaly. 1. Interval central catheter exchange. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Stable cardiomegaly. . The patient is a -year-old male with kidney transplant evaluation.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. Tobacco use. Pre-op evaluation. None.
No focal lung opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. No focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax.
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax. Left costophrenic opacity may represent pleural or pericardial fat. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain
Postsurgical changes noted overlying the left axilla. No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old female, history of breast cancer, no chest complaints. PA and lateral views of the chest dated .
Stable right chest wall pacemaker with leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. Stable cardiomegaly. Calcified thoracic aorta is unchanged. Stable mild interstitial opacities. Unchanged dense retrocardiac opacities. No pneumothorax or large effusion. Stable chest with stable position right chest pacemaker and leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. No pneumothorax identified. . ICD pacemaker implant.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is moderately enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. There is a ICD generator obscuring the left lateral midlung with the leads projecting over the expected location of the right atrium, right ventricle, and coronary sinus. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. Moderate cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. Shortness of breath with exertion. Cardiomyopathy. Chest x-
Heart size normal. Mediastinum unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Lungs symmetrically aerated without focal infiltrate or consolidation. Multiple scattered calcified granulomas are present bilaterally. No focal volume loss evident. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Bony thorax unremarkable. Multiple bilateral calcified granulomas most sequela of granulomatous process. No focal infiltrate or consolidation. . If one would like to discuss this case further, please . at . Thanks. -year-old female dyspnea wheezing shortness of breath chronic x9 years. . None available .
Calcific density measuring approximately 25 mm projecting over right upper lung, seen well on PA view only. This may represent residua of a healed rib fracture, possibly an osteocartilaginous lesion, or conceivably a granuloma which is difficult to see on the lateral view. This could be followed up in 6 months to confirm stability. Azygos fissure incidentally noted. Lungs overall well expanded and clear. Mediastinal contour in normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. asthma with acute exacerbation
displacement of a fusion on the lateral view with distal tip closely approximating the skin surface with a change in alignment since the previous exam. Severe scoliosis, tracheostomy tube, left PICC tip in the right hemithorax in the expected location of the right subclavian vein, repositioning recommended. Heart size within normal limits for technique, retrocardiac opacity due at in part to atelectasis with small left hemithorax, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. VP shunt tubing and right nephrostomy tube. -year-old male, evaluate heart or placement Thoracic spine series , chest series
Portable frontal view of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads shows normal cardiomediastinal silhouette, central airways, pulmonary vasculature and lung volumes without focal air space consolidation or pleural effusion. No acute intrathoracic disease. Dizziness and hand numbness. , .
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. A dense nodule in the right base suggests a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute findings -year-old male, pain ComparisXXXXXXXX
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old woman with chest pain. None.
There are chronic changes in both lungs with appearance of emphysema. No acute airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No of pleural effusions. Findings are grossly unchanged compared with prior chest CT from . CHRONIC BRONCHITIS WITH ACUTE ACACERBATI chronic bronchitis with acute exacerbation .
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old male with dyspnea None available
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. Pulmonary opacity seen in the right lung base, may indicate focal infiltrate. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. 1. Right lower lobe opacity may represent focal infiltrate versus atelectasis. 2. Low lung volumes. . The patient is a -year-old with dyspnea. None available.
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The are unremarkable. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old male with chest pain. None Available.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. TESTIS CA
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain
Bilateral pleural effusions, left small, right moderate in size, abnormal opacities in the adjacent lung bases. Limited assessment of heart size due to obscured margins, stable mediastinal contours. 1. Bilateral pleural effusions, right larger than left 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities which may be due to atelectasis, differential diagnosis includes infection, aspiration, atypical distribution pulmonary edema -year-old female, short of breath, pain
The lungs are hyperaerated suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. No focal lung consolidation. No pleural effusion. No definite pneumothorax. Heart is not enlarged. Postsurgical changes with mediastinal clips and . COPD. No acute abnormality. PRE OP EVALUATION -- pre op for colostomy takedown prev hx bilat pleural effusions x 6 ago, with chronic dyspnea. Left pneumothorax.
Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. Prior granulomatous disease appears stable. Stable exam without acute abnormality. . .
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. Negative chest x-. . ,
Stable cardiomegaly with significantly low lung volumes and associated bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. No definite pleural effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. No acute bony abnormality. Limited examination with stable cardiomegaly and low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. -year-old woman with chest pain and shortness of breath.. Portable chest radiograph dated , ..
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Stable right lower lung granuloma. Interval to right clavicle procedure. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The patient is a -year-old female with lumbago and cervicalgia.
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. MVC. None.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with chest pain. None.
There is moderate cardiomegaly. There are bilateral interstitial opacities, increased since the previous exam. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. Moderate cardiomegaly with pulmonary vascular congestion early interstitial edema. -year-old female with chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Chest pain
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. There has been interval development of some bandlike opacities in left base. These appear to be located in the lingula. The remainder of the lungs appear clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. 1. opacities in the lingula. The appearance scarring or atelectasis. since the earlier study. Left anterior and posterior chest pain. Dyspnea.
The lateral view is nondiagnostic due to patient positioning. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. 1. Technically limited exam. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . -year-old male, ago. Right shoulder pain. Chest x- ,
Comparison . No suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. kidney cancer f/u.
Apparent cardiomegaly at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Right base calcified granuloma. Stable right infrahilar nodular density (lateral view). Negative for acute bone abnormality. Borderline cardiomegaly without heart failure. -year-old male. . Headache. Hypertension. , .
Stable heart size, mediastinal silhouette. No overt edema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Chest pain and weakness ,
There is a airspace opacity in the left upper lung. Heart size within normal limits. Mild calcification of the aortic . No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. airspace opacity in the left upper lung which may represent streaky atelectasis or resolving pneumonia. A -year-old female follow-up acquired pneumonia. PA and lateral chest from 73
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size, with redemonstration of tortuous and atherosclerotic calcified thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is stable compared to prior examination. Multilevel degenerative disc disease and thoracolumbar spine again noted without acute osseous abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old woman with dyspnea on exertion, history of breast cancer.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Negative chest . Chest pain,
No active disease. pain
Patchy alveolar infiltrates in the right midlung probably within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. 7 mm nodular opacity overlying the left lung most represents patient's nipple recommend nipple films as it may represent a lung nodule as well. Patient being recalled from the room for the nipple film History of
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Minimal platelike atelectasis left base. chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Cholecystectomy clips are present. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . to feel a rapid heart and chest pain around this a.m. no cancer hx, nonsmoker None available.
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. There is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. , chest pain. .
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain. None.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain
Some opacities compatible with subsegmental atelectasis/scarring noted projecting over region of right middle lobe/lingula on lateral view. Overall, well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. CLL. SOB Comparison to , .
No comparison chest x-. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. ,305.1 TOBACCO USE
Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Again visualized is a wedge-shaped fracture of T12. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Wedge-shaped fracture of T12. Skilled facility, fracture of T12. CT chest dated .
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute pulmonary disease. weakness and
The heart size and cardia mediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is an approximately 8mm opacity overlying the sixth anterior rib. There are other scattered calcified granulomas. The osseous structures are intact. There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old female with dyspnea. CT abdomen and pelvis with intravenous contrast
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . None.
Stable appearing chest with low lung volumes. Reticulonodular changes in left lung base and periphery of left lung most representing chronic inflammatory change. Also some peripheral fibrotic appearing opacity in the periphery the right upper lobe, grossly stable. No acute airspace consolidation. Stable mediastinal contour. pa/lat cxr,490 BRONCHITIS UNSPECIFIED , .
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Tracheostomy tube. Probable mild cardiomegaly. Prominence of the central vasculature, unchanged. No pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Stable mild cardiomegaly. 3. Prominent central vasculature. Preop. Bariatric surgery
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are hypoinflated. There are streaky opacities predominantly in the left lung base possibly related to scarring and atelectasis. B-lines are also noted. Definite infiltrate is not excluded. There is no large effusion. 1. Low lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity, subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. Infiltrate is less but not entirely excluded. 2. Mild central vascular congestion and bronchovascular crowding. and since
Borderline heart size. The lungs are hyperexpanded and hyperlucent compatible with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Aortic vascular calcifications. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bone demineralization. Findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Seizure ,
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Hyperexpanded lungs. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. Mild emphysema. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with dyspnea Chest x-,
Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart and mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Bony thorax intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. and nonproductive x1 . None.
The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 43 rolled male with dyspnea. ,
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old with a left-sided rib pain. None.
Lordotic film. Low lung volumes. Heart size within normal limits for this projection. Lower thoracic spine fusion. Small area of atelectasis or infiltrate adjacent to the right inferior hilum. This may be projectional followup films may be helpful.
Within the posterior lateral 8th rib there is a deformity along the cortex with associated oblique lucency. In addition within the posterior lateral 9th rib there appears to be a obliquely oriented lucency with cortical disruption. Findings are concerning for possible left rib fractures. Otherwise the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Multiple small punctate radiopaque foreign bodies are seen within the subcutaneous tissues and are present on previous CT scan from . Possible lower posterior lateral left rib fractures as described above. If further concern for rib fractures dedicated rib films would better evaluate. Otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Left rib pain. CT scan of the thorax on .
Borderline enlarged heart. Pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Possible right shoulder calcific tendinitis. Calcifications of the abdominal aorta are seen. 1. Borderline enlarged heart without acute abnormality. Liver failure. .
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest dyspnea None.
Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. There are some chronic increased interstitial markings noted. Cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease identified. -year-old with chest pain this . Two views of the chest dated .
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal. There are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. No evidence of pneumonia or post primary tuberculosis infection 2. No acute cardiopulmonary disease SWEATS AP portable chest, at
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. Heart size normal. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old chest pain.
Chest. Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Right knee. Severe joint space narrowing and spurring lateral compartment of the knee and patellofemoral compartment. . Knee arthritis.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. Contrast is seen within the bilateral kidneys, from prior examination. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old female with history of hemoptysis for the 2.5 hours. None.
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Lungs are clear bilaterally. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain
Heart size within normal limits. Mild left upper lobe atelectasis or scarring. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Tortuous aorta. Hiatal hernia. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with , , shortness of breath. Two-view chest from .
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. There is subphrenic intraperitoneal extraluminal free . 1. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. 2. Pneumoperitoneum, attributed to the patient's recent abdominal surgery. Postop abdominal pain. , .
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. and hypoxia. .
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The are unremarkable. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old male with . None Available.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. MORBID OBESITY; preop renal surgery and colostomy reversal.
Lungs are hyper expanded consistent with COPD. No parenchymal infiltrates. No of pleural effusions. Normal heart size. No of acute cardiopulmonary disease, unchanged. ,491.21 chronic bronchitis with acute exacerbation No known . Bronchitis x1 month. S.O.B and productive , . , 1 a . No pain or previous surgery. Menopausal, no of pregnancy. .
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. year-old male with .
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with chest pain
Stable borderline cardiomegaly, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old female, dyspnea, short of breath, difficulty breathing
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are free of acute infiltrates and expanded. Strandy scarring in the left lower lobe is unchanged. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Vomiting.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Negative. -year-old male. Chest pain and pressure. . None.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Pain in chest with apparent
Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. None.
The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal consolidation or pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . The patient is a -year-old with back pain. None available.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. In the left midlung zone there is identified a 1.5 cm nodule. This appears somewhat dense and may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty. 1.5 cm nodule in the left midlung zone. May contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty. Comparison to old films, if available would be useful to determine chronicity and stability. If old films are not available, scan could be to evaluate for the presence of calcium. Melanoma, exam for metastatic disease
Heart size is normal. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old male with abnormal EKG. None available.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Chest pain None available
There is hyperinflation lungs due to small calcification is seen posteriorly in the right which may be pleural. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. COPD. No acute pulmonary disease. Look-up on and does not remember happened.
Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No pulmonary nodules identified. No acute abnormality. No pulmonary nodule identified. . -year-old with pulmonary nodule None.
The lungs are clear. No focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Clear lungs. -year-old male with , non-, 786.2
The cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Chest pain. None.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. opacities in the right lower lung representing atelectasis versus scarring. Significantly decreased subcutaneous soft tissue since comparison radiograph. Probable pectus deformity. Negative for acute bony abnormality. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Hyperlucent lungs, related to cachexia and probable pectus excavatum deformity. -year-old male, cachectic HIV patient. Chest x- ,
Hyperexpanded lungs suggesting obstructive lung disease. Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. Hyperexpanded but clear lungs. dyspnea
There is mild cardiomegaly. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Lung volumes are low with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is platelike atelectasis in the right midlung along with bibasilar airspace disease, either atelectasis or infiltrate. No pneumothorax. 1. Bibasilar airspace disease, greater on the right, either atelectasis or infiltrate. 2. Platelike right midlung atelectasis. . Question pneumonia, shortness of breath. None.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old male with chest pain. None.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Large calcified granulomas in the right hilum. The lungs are otherwise clear. Prior anterior cervical fusion. No acute pulmonary findings. Shortness of breath after cervical spine surgery. None.
Cardiomegaly. No effusions or edema. Clear chest History of dyspnea on exertion
No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size is normal. No acute focal space opacities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with dyspnea
The heart size is normal. There is minimal fibronodular scarring right apex, otherwise lungs clear History of followup TB
Considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Calcified right lung nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old female, dyspnea
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding at the bases. No focal opacity. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours within normal limits. Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. and blood streak sputum PA and lateral views of the chest on , .
The heart is upper limits of normal in size. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with chest pain. None.
There is a minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral 7th rib. There is a small right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis of the right lower lobe. There appears to be a healing fracture of the posterolateral right 8th rib. There is questionable cortical defect involving the sternum seen on lateral view. would be to evaluate this finding. As the small right-sided pleural effusion is visible on both PA and lateral views. There is a left-sided pleural effusion as well. The left lung appears grossly clear. Heart size and pulmonary appear normal. There is a mild scoliosis involving the thoracic spine. 1. Minimally displaced fracture involving the lateral right 7th rib, acute. There is and associated small right pleural effusion and right basilar atelectasis. 2. Questionable anterior cortical disruption seen on lateral view. would be needed to evaluate this. 3. left-sided pleural effusion 786.59, 54yof with chest pain;:attn: sternum,direct to sternum 3 days ago
Large calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is unchanged. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace opacification. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male, rule out tuberculosis
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable right lower lobe calcified granulomas. Thin lingular scar, unchanged. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Surgical clips are visualized in the right upper quadrant. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Midsternal chest pain radiating to the anterior left chest. Chest x-
Hyperinflated lungs with no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size near top normal limits, aortic calcifications and mild ectasia/tortuosity. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Contour irregularity of the left clavicle appears chronic and suggests old injury. -year-old female, pain
1. Stable appearance of scarring in the right upper lung associated with numerous granulomas. There are calcified right hilar lymph as . 2. opacities in the left lung base, atelectasis or scarring 3. Low lung volumes 4. No focal air space opacities to suggest pneumonia. Chest pain
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Scattered granulomatous changes. Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Bony thorax is unremarkable Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with .
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old and migraine. PA and lateral chest .
Interstitial and alveolar opacities most confluent in the left perihilar lung may be compatible with infection, differential diagnosis includes atypical pulmonary edema, inflammation. No definite pleural effusion seen. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with near top normal heart size. Aeration of the left perihilar lung may be slightly improved compared with the image from . -year-old male, pain, correlation with
Stable normal heart size. Calcified aorta. Right chest in the SVC. Small volume bilateral pleural effusions basilar atelectasis. Streaky perihilar opacification, a component of vascular congestion in central pulmonary edema persist. Nodular opacities scattered throughout the lungs compatible with known pulmonary parenchymal metastatic disease. Similar appearance to the prior study. CHF ,
The heart size is upper limits of normal. The pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with nausea and vomiting eating. Pain and the breast bone that radiates into the abdomen. Shortness of breath. Nonsmoker. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear. No acute disease. 53yof pre-op x-
Right lower lobe patchy opacities noted. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Patchy right lower lobe opacities, infectious infiltrate. -year-old female, , , chest pain.
There is prominence of the left hilum which may represent adenopathy or engorged vasculature. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits of size and contour. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality. Prominence of the left hilum may be secondary to adenopathy or enlarged pulmonary vasculature. Chest CT with contrast may be helpful for further clarification. -year-old female, chest pain. None.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with chest pain. CT of the chest with contrast .
Right subclavian catheter, distal tip posterior to the head of the clavicle, the level of the subclavian vein. Low lung volumes. No pleural effusion. Left lower lobe airspace disease, atelectasis. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . intact. 1. Right subclavian catheter, distal tip in the region of the subclavian vein at the level of clavicular head. 2. Low lung volumes, with left lower lung atelectasis. . The patient is a -year-old male admitted for ureteral calculi, renal calculi. Examination to assess line position..
Heart size is normal. Bilateral nipple shadows seen. 5 mm left lower lobe granuloma. Heart size normal. No effusions. Lungs clear History of hypertension
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Changes of right mastectomy. Sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. Mild thoracic spine degenerative change No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. with , .
There is mild cardiomegaly. The aorta is tortuous. There is opacities noted in the right lower lobe, subsegmental atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No displaced rib fractures. If there is high clinical concern, consider dedicated rib views for further evaluation. Mild cardiomegaly, with subsegmental atelectasis in the right lower lobe. year old right-sided rib pain after a vehicle accident one ago. None.
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with productive . Two-view chest from .
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Negative chest. Shortness of breath
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest chest pain
There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Questionable old left posterior third and fourth rib fractures. Visualized soft tissues are within normal limits. Normal heart size. Normal hilar vascular markings. Subtle prominence of interstitial markings in the bases, left worse than right. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Subtle interstitial markings bilateral, may represent mild pulmonary edema or chronic interstitial changes. -year-old woman with chest pain. None.
There are no focal airspace opacities within the lungs. There is a 1 cm nodular density projecting in the right midlung between the third and fourth right anterior ribs which does not appear to be present on the prior . To the pulmonary interstitium is not clear, making it the vasculature somewhat indistinct in the mid and lower lungs. This may reflect parenchymal nodules. nodules were identified on the prior chest CT. Mediastinal contours appear grossly normal. There are small calcified left hilar lymph . The heart and pulmonary otherwise appear normal. Pleural spaces appear clear. 1. 1 nodular density seen on the PA view only projecting in the right midlung. Recommend noncontrasted enhanced for evaluation of this nodule. Does this patient have known factors for malignancy? 2. Somewhat indistinct pulmonary interstitium possibly reflecting underlying pulmonary sarcoidosis Sarcoidosis with contrast dated
Stable, nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. Epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. Interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities, with probable left lower lobe infiltrate. Stable, nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. Epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. Interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities, with probable left lower lobe infiltrate. Shortness of breath. History of sarcoidosis. Chest x- , . CT chest , .
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Tortuous aorta. Prominent first ribs. No nodules, masses, or adenopathy. History with rhonchi bone pain and nosebleed.
Low lung volumes. Stable ectasia of the thoracic aorta. Stable right upper mediastinal Bilateral small pleural effusions and bibasilar airspace opacities. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax. Stable wedging of the anterior thoracic vertebral bodies. Bilateral small pleural effusions and associated atelectasis. Stable right upper mediastinal opacity consistent with goiter. -year-old female with chest pain persistent vomiting. Chest x- on
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal . Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old male. Pain. . None.
Right jugular catheter present with tip overlying the lower SVC. Curvilinear density projecting over the upper chest appears external on the lateral projection. Correlate clinically. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. scar/subsegmental atelectasis in the lingula. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings. Mild degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. , history of breast cancer
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Abdominal pain and back pain under the ribs. None.
The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There are calcified granulomas at the right perihilar regions appear stable. There are significant degenerative osteophytes of the thoracic spine also appear stable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain. ,
Well-expanded and clear lungs. Conspicuous for size 3-4 mm nodular opacity projecting in right lung is probably a small calcified granuloma. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 786.2 , No comparison chest x-.
The lungs are well-expanded and clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiomediastinal contour is normal. No acute osseous lesions are identified. No active pulmonary disease. -year-old with for 3 weeks, RLL pneumonia
The heart is enlarged. There is pulmonary vascular congestion with diffusely increased interstitial and mild patchy airspace opacities. The distribution pulmonary edema. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. Cardiomegaly with vascular congestion and suspected pulmonary edema. . Dyspnea, generalized weakness. None.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain ,
Left chest wall Mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior . Normal cardiac contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. Clear lungs bilaterally. fracture seen at T5 and L2 with areas of sclerosis throughout the thoracic and lumbar spine. 1. Pathologic fractures seen at T5 and L2. 2. Left venous catheter in SVC. yr old female with dyspnea. None.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with . None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with chest pain, MVA None.
Heart size within normal limits for technique. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. -year-old male, syncope
Compared to prior examination from , there has been extubation and removal of central line and enteric tube. Stable cardiomegaly and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. Left basilar opacity represents chronic fibrosis/scar. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. No acute osseous abnormality. Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with chest pain and shortness of breath.. AP chest radiograph dated , .
No active disease. Caucasian female, 14 weeks pregnant with , tachycardia, shortness of
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Negative. -year-old male. Chest pain. None.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. of the spine. No acute process. Chest pain None.
there is a rounded opacity in the right lower zone measuring 2.0 cm which is to be in the posterobasal segment. There is of uncertain etiology but would benefit from followup at some concern for neoplasm. A is recommended. No airspace disease, effusion or cavitary nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized of the chest are within normal limits. 2 cm noncalcified nodule in the right lower lobe would benefit from a .
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. A right-sided Mediport catheter is noted. No pleural effusion is identified. No focal lung infiltrates. CT chest
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prominent pericardial fat is again noted. There is a stable granuloma overlying a lower thoracic vertebral body. The are unremarkable. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old female with chest pain. Chest 2 view dated .
Patchy subsegmental atelectasis is seen bibasilar region, no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion is present. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Old fractures seen the left 9th rib. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. PTX
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable . No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Difficulty breathing. None.
The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen on chest x-. No pneumothorax. repeat after stab wound chest x-, single view frontal from a.m.
The heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old with dyspnea. None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with pleurisy and positive PPD.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Questionable thin-walled cavitary lesion in the right lower lobe, only seen on the AP view and may represent artifact. No acute bony abnormalities. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with hypertension
Tortuosity of the aorta. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . intact. Unchanged eventration of the left hemidiaphragm versus small hernia (Bochdalek). No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The patient is a -year-old female with , productive.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. Transplant patient.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified 5 mm granuloma in the left midlung. Status post resection of left upper lobe. No adenopathy, nodules, or masses. No effusion. History of smoking and status post left upper lobectomy
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Dyspnea. None.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Positive TB skin test.
Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Surgical clips are present in the abdomen. No evidence of active disease. Productive
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Cervical cancer
Patchy airspace disease is present in the lateral view probably within the right lower lobe. There is severe underlying emphysema. The aorta is calcified. There is spondylosis. Patchy airspace disease on the lateral view, probably within the right lower lobe, a pneumonia superimposed on severe underlying emphysema. Recommend following this process to resolution. Confusion ,
There is 1.9 cm interruption of the tunneled left central venous catheter, at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. Catheter tip may be within the proximal SVC or azygos vein. Normal heart size. left perihilar and midlung densities. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 1. Left central venous catheter fracture at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. Distal catheter tip may be within the azygos vein. 2. Similar-appearing left midlung scarring. -year-old male. Right lateral/mid chest wall pain. None.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. Mild lung hyperinflation. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Degenerative changes seen within the midthoracic spine. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male shortness of breath. PA and lateral chest x- dated .
Exam quality limited by hypoventilation and kyphosis. Low lung volumes, bibasilar opacities due at in part to atelectasis. Abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern, nonspecific in appearance with differential diagnosis including chronic lung disease, interstitial infiltrates, pulmonary edema. Right hilar calcifications and dense right lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size near top normal limits for technique, sternotomy , CABG clips, artifact of aortic valve surgery. -year-old male, chest pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate healed, remote bilateral rib fractures without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with left-sided chest pain, .. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
Stable appearance of chest with no findings of disease progression. Heart and mediastinum stable configuration. Stable elevation of left hemidiaphragm. Lungs clear of consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Bony thorax intact. Minimal spondylosis of the lower thoracic spine. Stable appearance of chest without active process evident and without evidence of progression of disease in patient with history of Hodgkin's lymphoma . If one would like to discuss this case further, please . at . Thanks. -year-old female history of Hodgkin's lymphoma . Two views chest , ; CT chest , .
There is redemonstration of an AICD with the left chest wall with stable intact placement. Surgical cervical is redemonstrated. Cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. opacity in the left upper lobe, atelectasis or scarring. No visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact. 1. Stable AICD with intact replacement. 2. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. . -year-old female history of sarcoidosis, ICD placement. Portable chest dated .
There is a 1 cm nodule within one of the lung bases, seen only on the lateral view. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. 1 cm nodule within the lung base, seen only on the lateral view. Consider imaging correlation with abdomen study, if available. . EVALUATE FOR METASTATIC DISEASE; Pre op for prostatectomy. No chest complaints. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. loss
The heart size is within normal limits. There is ectasia/tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Calcified hilar lymph . Irregular calcific density projecting over the left lower lobe, stable since and may represent mitral annular calcifications. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with altered mental status
There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. The cardiac generator overlies left upper thorax with tips overlying the right atrium and ventricles. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . -year-old with pain. , .
The heart is large. Pulmonary are engorged. No infiltrates. Aorta is somewhat tortuous. Degenerative disc disease is present in the thoracic spine. Cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension chest pain
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, . PA and lateral views of the chest dated .
Heart size normal. Tortuous dilated aorta. Minimal basilar infiltrate left base chest pain
Interval improvement/resolution right patchy lateral base opacity. There is continued density in the right lateral and left base of the chest with minimal tenting of the lateral right hemidiaphragm . Costophrenic blunting may persist but the left costophrenic is clipped from view. There is a right middle base calcific nodular density from old granulomatous disease. Mild left apical pleural thickening. and valve . Probable prominent epicardial fat pads on either side. Thoracic spine DISH. Status post cardiac valve replacement and CABG. hours
Changes post bilateral thoracotomy and sternotomy. Intact . Stable position of the epicardial . Mild cardiomegaly. The lungs are clear. Bilateral small pleural effusions. 1. Stable postop changes with mild cardiomegaly. 2. Small bilateral pleural effusions. DORV, post surgery .
Hyperinflated chest as before, compatible with emphysema. Clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. ,786.4 Comparison , .
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old physical assault one ago with pain in the anterior ribs. PA and lateral chest .
Cardiomegaly is present. There is interstitial pulmonary edema with the presence of B-lines. There is no pneumothorax. There is an oval, 17 mm nodular opacity projecting between the posterior left 5th and 6th ribs. There is a 10 mm nodular density projecting over the right posterior 4th rib. There is a posterior effusion. Normal mediastinal silhouette. T-spine osteophytes. 1. Cardiomegaly with mild interstitial edema and posterior pleural effusion. 2. 17 mm nodular opacity in the left lung and 10 mm nodular opacity in the right lung. These lesions are and could be followed up radiographically after treatment of edema, or could be further characterized with CT. Dyspnea and edema. ,
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal consolidations or pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . The patient is a -year-old male with hiccups and . None available.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute findings. COPD and shortness of breath ,
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Very mild S-shaped curvature of the thoracic spine. No displaced, acute fractures are identified. MVA today. ,
Slightly hyperinflated appearing but clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
There is no focal consolidation. Mild blunting of the posterior costophrenic represent small effusions. No pneumothorax is present. There is moderate cardiomegaly. The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. 1. Unchanged cardiomegaly. 2. Question pleural effusions. -year-old female for . History of asthma, congestive heart failure. Cardiac arrhythmia. .
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. x6 months
Calcified granulomas. No suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. pa/lat cxr,185 MALIGNANT NEOPLASM OF PROSTATE Comparison , .
Normal heart size. Stable tortuous thoracic aorta. Prior granulomatous disease. Healed rib fractures appear stable. Focal opacity is noted in the left midlung overlying the 9th posterior rib which represents healing rib callus. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute abnormality seen. Abnormal lung exam. Smoking history. .
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Calcified right hilar lymph . Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. sternotomy and prosthetic aortic valve noted. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. Chest pain, nonproductive . Cutaneous . None.
The lungs are clear. There are calcified left hilar lymph . The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are notable for an old apparent fracture at T12-L1 or congenital fusion unchanged from the prior study. 1. No acute pulmonary disease. 2. Possible old injury or developmental anomaly partially T12-L1. Preop circumcision. , .
The heart size is mildly enlarged. There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. Cardiomegaly without acute pulmonary findings. -year-old male with end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Probable DISH of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain
Lungs are hyperinflated suggesting underlying emphysema. No consolidation or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear stable. No edema. Couple scattered small calcified nodules compatible with old granulomatous disease. , breath. -year-old female. Tamoxifen use. ,
Stable calcified hilar and granulomas. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Dyspnea Chest single portable AP , p.m.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. Visualized bony structures are normal. Normal chest x-. headache. None.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. Negative chest x-. Chest pain None.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Mild spondylosis. No acute findings. . ,
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute preoperative findings. Preop bariatric surgery None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal osteophytes of the thoracic spine. No acute, displaced rib fractures. A calcified granuloma is demonstrated in the left upper lobe. 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. . year-old female with headache an chest pain. Comparison is to chest repeat examination dated .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small nodule seen in the left upper lung, possibly granuloma. The lungs are otherwise clear. No acute disease. Left lung nodule. Correlate with prior films if available. If none are available, followup imaging in 6 months is suggested. ; MVA
Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, the typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mild spine dextrocurvature noted. Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory . -year-old male,
Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. Normal exam Shortness of breath. None available.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Left hemidiaphragm is elevated. 1. Elevated left diaphragm. 2. No focal airspace disease. for employment
Well-expanded and clear lungs. Apical oligemia suggestive of some emphysema. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. HYPERTENSION; Pre op for colon surgery, No comparison chest x-.
Low lung volumes noted. The heart size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. No focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain PA and lateral chest radiograph / the
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with chest pain. None.
Comparison , . Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. CHEST since , hx of asthma(jm)
There are diffuse increased interstitial markings, suggestive of pulmonary fibrosis in bilateral lung . The fibrosis appears to slightly increased compared to previous examination, in . The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. 1. Redemonstrated pulmonary fibrosis without evidence for acute infiltrate. The patient is a -year-old female with history of pneumonia, upper lobe crackles. Known history of UIP. CT chest , , chest x-
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. . 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. onset of substernal chest pain. for one year. CT chest .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male, shortness of breath. None.
The heart size is upper limits of normal. Mediastinal contour appears normal and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. Borderline heart size. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old , edema. None available.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged, exaggerated by epicardial fat pads. Interstitium is prominent. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. There is spine spondylosis. 1. Unchanged cardiomegaly. 2. Interstitial prominence. Maybe due to technical factors. Abdominal pain. Dyspnea. , .
There is a calcified left upper lobe granuloma. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs remain hyperexpanded. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule identified. However, given the presence of small nodules on the chest CT scan and patient history of prostate cancer, recommend further evaluation with scan (unless already recently performed). -year-old with COPD, pulmonary nodule. Recent diagnosis of prostate cancer. Chest x-
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. 5 mm right apical granuloma overlying the anterior first right rib. History of chest pain
Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There has been interval development of bibasilar opacities. The appearance of the right base opacity atelectasis. The left base opacities could represent early pneumonia or areas of atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. 1. Low lung volumes. 2. opacities. Right base appears to represent atelectasis. Left base could be atelectasis or pneumonia. Low oxygen saturation. .
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Chest pain.
There is hyperexpansion with mild flattening of diaphragm. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. Contrast retained within the renal collecting . 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Emphysematous changes 3. Retained contrast within the renal collecting .
The heart size is within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. 1. No acute abnormality. 2. Dextroscoliosis of thoracic spine unchanged. . -year-old with history of pneumonia, persistent dyspnea, HIV-positive. Chest x- ,
The lungs are hyperexpanded. There is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung, large emphysematous . There are biapical opacities, scarring. No focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Normal heart size. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. Emphysema. Large right upper lobe . Biapical scarring. -year-old male with history of renal mass CT abdomen and pelvis
Comparison Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest. BMT W/U LAB;
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No change in the small calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. dyspnea , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Biapical fibronodular thickening/scarring. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Hyperexpanded lungs. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old male. Bilateral arm pain. None.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. Unchanged degenerative changes to the thoracic spine. 1. Unremarkable chest radiograph. 2. Unchanged degenerative joint disease of the thoracic spine. -year-old female with , left hip replacement PA lateral chest at a.m.
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal. Unremarkable radiographs of the chest. and .
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There are no focal air space opacities. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. The bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable appearance of the chest. -year-old male chronic . PA lateral chest radiograph, .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . , . None.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. There is enlarged heart silhouette. Decreased lung volumes. Lungs demonstrate bibasilar airspace opacities better visualized on lateral view. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the bilateral . 1. Decreased lung volumes. Bibasilar airspace opacities seen on lateral be atelectasis or possibly pneumonia. Morbidly obese patient with dyspnea.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No nodules or masses. No adenopathy or effusion. Stable slightly sclerotic posterior inferior of one of the midthoracic vertebral bodies, seen on the lateral radiograph only. This most represents overlying degenerative spurring than metastasis. History of prostate cancer rule out metastasis
Flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. Lungs are clear. Soft tissues and bony structures unremarkable. No pneumothorax or effusion. Mild hyperexpansion. No acute process. SOB None available
Marked increase in heart size. Cardiomegaly. Question pericardial effusion. Stable 1.5 cm nodule left mid chest, a granuloma. Lungs are clear. No effusion. Stable left hilar lymphadenopathy. preop kidney transplant. No chest complaints
Heart size is moderately enlarged. The pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity demonstrated on the lateral study. There is a fracture of superior sternotomy unchanged. Possible right lower lobe pneumonia. Cardiomegaly -year-old with dyspnea. Two views of the chest dated .
Moderate cardiomegaly. Bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. Cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema. -year-old male with shortness of breath. Portable chest from .
The heart is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There are streaky left basilar airspace opacities, compatible with atelectasis as seen on comparison abdomen and pelvis CT. There is a left upper lung granuloma. Otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. appear intact. Left basilar atelectasis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old woman with and leukocytosis. Abdomen and pelvis CT from .
There are low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities representing subsegmental atelectasis. The cardio the cardiac silhouette is of the of normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Low lung volumes with bibasilar streaky opacities most representing subsegmental atelectasis. x4 weeks.
The lungs appear clear. Lung volumes are low. The heart and pulmonary appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. ,786.52
The heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Calcifications are seen within the aortic . The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. Stable calcified granuloma within the lingula. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. Surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female with onset dyspnea. PA and lateral chest x- dated .
Prominent hiatal hernia as before. Anticipated senescent changes of mediastinum. Opacity seen on lateral involving both right middle lobe and lingula compatible with some bronchiectasis and chronic inflammatory change. There may be some chronic indolent infection here associated with some chronic consolidation. Perhaps some slight progression, but overall change since prior examination. On lateral view, the posterior lung bases are grossly clear. No effusions or CHF. ,486 Comparison ,
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with chest pain. None.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. spinal stimulator is in with tip overlying the T9 vertebral body. Clear lungs.
There is no acute osseous abnormality. Soft tissues are within normal limits. Borderline enlargement of the heart. Normal vascular markings. Left basilar retrocardiac opacity. No pneumothorax. Findings consistent with left base airspace disease. -year-old with , crackles, and coarse breath sounds of the left. Also with fevers. None.
No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. The previously<BR>described deformity in the midthoracic spine is again seen. There is subcutaneous shunt catheter tubing along the anterior chest wall No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with , history of lung nodules. performed /
Again noted and is blunting of the right pleural space, a effusion or scarring. Opacity in the right lung base also appears unchanged, scarring. Heart size appears normal, improved from prior study. There is no vascular congestion or edema. There's no pneumothorax. 1. Stable right basilar scarring and right pleural thickening Kidney transplant evaluation
Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Tortuous aorta. Low lung volumes and left basilar bandlike opacities suggestive of scarring or atelectasis. No overt edema. Question small right pleural effusion versus pleural thickening. No visible pneumothorax. Increased ,
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated, without evidence of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Incidental note is of an azygos fissure. There are no acute bony findings. Mildly hyperinflated, clear lungs. Vomiting blood, hemoptysis. None.
Heart size is normal. There are opacities which appear to above the right fissure. There is mild thickening in the fissure. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. opacities in the right upper lobe anterior segment which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. -year-old female with
Cardiac silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion. Osseous structures within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Dyspnea. Chest pain. None.
Right -A- tip overlies the mid SVC. Similar bronchiectatic changes with diffuse patchy airspace opacities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Similar exam with changes of cystic fibrosis. No focal abnormality. . Cystic fibrosis exacerbation.
Low lung volumes. Bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. Stable left abdominal surgical clips. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. Low lung volumes. Bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. -year-old female with hypotension. Chest x- on
Bilateral calcified granulomas stable compared to prior examination, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormality identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with tobacco use, loss. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. loss. Atypical tuberculosis infection
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Old right rib fractures. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Persistent
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. , .
Heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Irregular 1.2 cm opacity in the left upper lung is identified both on PA and lateral views and represents chronic scarring. She has a partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No focal infiltrate. Anterior wedging of multiple vertebral bodies including T6, T8, T11 and T12. scarring or pleural plaque in the left upper lobe with partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. No acute findings. DYSPNEA; and chest pressure x 2 days, Hx of lung in and None.
Minimal right sided perihilar atelectasis. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No active disease. The patient is a -year-old male with alcoholic hepatitis, withdrawal, on CIWA. Smoking history with COPD, elevated . , single view
Heart size is within normal limits. Tortuous thoracic aorta. There is patchy right base airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Right lower lobe pneumonia. -year-old female with dyspnea and productive . None.
Persistent cardiomegaly. No abnormal airspace consolidation. Resolved interstitial edema. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Stable cardiomegaly without acute abnormality. -year-old male, chest pain Chest 2 views ,
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Emphysematous changes are identified. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. Emphysema without acute disease. Shortness of breath
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male with dyspnea. None.
There is persistent cardiomegaly with suggestion of left atrial enlargement as evidenced by cardiac contour the lateral image and density on the frontal image. The lungs are clear. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. Persistent cardiomegaly. 2. Clear lungs. Report only from chest x- dated is available for review. The images from the study are currently unavailable due to ongoing upgrade of the AGFA PACS .
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues have a normal appearance. No acute pulmonary disease. Productive .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Innumerable bilateral nodules are identified, most of which appear calcified on examination. There is no acute infiltrate or effusion. lingular scarring and/or atelectasis. No acute disease. COPD, ; CT chest
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female, productive and dyspnea for one month. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. onset chest pain. , .
Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. No focal airspace consolidation. There is mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. 1. Mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. Otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen. with low-grade and midback pain x2 weeks.
Heart size borderline enlarged, mediastinal contours appear similar to the from , noted. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old female, pain, difficulty breathing None, correlation with
The opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior exam. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. sternotomy are again noted. There is a large amount of distending the stomach, which incidentally was also seen on prior exam of 3 years ago. There is no pneumothorax. 1. Left basilar opacity represents atelectasis/scarring with associated elevated hemidiaphragm. 2. Stable cardiomegaly. 3. No airspace disease. year old woman with chest pain. ,
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. Left hilar and medial left base granuloma. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. and chest pain commissure breath x1
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There low lung volumes. There is pulmonary vascular congestion and indistinctness. Bibasilar airspace disease is also present. Probable left pleural effusion. No evidence of pneumothorax. Cardiac silhouette is upper lungs are normally accentuated due to low lung volumes. Mild heart failure versus volume overload. Chest pain and shortness of breath.
Slight cardiomegaly. Clear lungs. History of chest pain.
Lungs are clear bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Calcified densities within the right paratracheal region and left perihilar region, may represent calcified granulomas. There is a round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. are unremarkable. 1. Round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. Recommend further evaluation of this nodule with chest CT with IV contrast. Chest pain. Chest portable frontal AP .
Chest. Heart size normal. Lungs clear. unremarkable. Limited technique. Right elbow and forearm. No acute fracture, dislocation or joint effusion. Soft tissues unremarkable. Left ankle. Soft tissue around ankle. There are midfoot degenerative changes and plantar calcaneal enthesophyte. Ankle mortise intact. No acute fracture or dislocation. Chest. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Right elbow and forearm. No acute traumatic finding. Left ankle. 1. No acute traumatic finding. 2. Midfoot degenerative changes and calcaneal enthesopathy. -year-old MVA. Ankle , chest
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Scattered granulomas and bilateral perihilar calcified lymph . Stable lingular scarring. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. No bony abnormality. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Preoperative lung transplant. Chest x- dated
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Pain and
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. First rib fracture not well demonstrated on study.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. MVA on the 14th
There is increasing primarily basilar interstitial reticular opacity. Lung volumes are low. There are no focal airspace opacities to suggest lobar pneumonia. Heart size appears normal. The thoracic aorta is calcified. Since the prior study, there has been placement of an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall, the distal leads overlying the right heart. There's no pneumothorax. 1. Findings consistent with worsening interstitial lung disease. High resolution is recommended to confirm this. Prior from reveals no evidence of interstitial lung disease. Chest pain, shortness of breath, on home oxygen, history of sarcoidosis and smoking at dated
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. and asthma
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. Surgical clips are seen the right upper quadrant. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female with history of dyspnea on exertion. None.
Mediastinal contours are normal. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain. None.
Heart , mediastinum, , bony structures are unremarkable. Possible subtle increased opacity in right apex versus technique. Otherwise no significant interval change compared to prior study Possible subtle increased opacity in right apex otherwise unremarkable appearance of lung Dyspnea None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old , chest pain and hypertensive urgency. Frontal chest radiograph dated , .
Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. Scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory . -year-old male,
heart size normal. Emphysema. Biapical scarring and fibrosis unchanged pneumonia followup
There are low lung volumes. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no focal opacity. There is no large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. . Chest radiograph from .
The cardiac silhouette, mediastinum, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. Unremarkable chest x-. . -year-old male with 's syndrome and worsening
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Stable 5 mm calcified left midlung granuloma. Calcified aortic . bronchitis. . . . Dyspnea.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Chest pain
Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. There is interstitial prominence and is basilar patchy air space opacity. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Nonspecific interstitial prominence and basilar patchy airspace disease. Maybe due to pulmonary fibrosis, scarring and/or atelectasis. Comparison with outside previous films may be useful. Dyspnea. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease.
There are biapical opacities, possibly scarring. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. Right-sided chest catheter tip is at the lower SVC. Several right axillary surgical clips are noted. There are postoperative changes of right mastectomy. No acute findings. Biapical opacities, scarring. -year-old female with ALL, possible cell transplant. Additional history of breast cancer. CT chest
Elevated diaphragms with atelectasis in the bases. Normal heart size. Mild spondylosis. Mid chest pain, None.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. There is a stable calcified granuloma within the left lower lobe. There are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain Chest radiograph ,
No comparison chest x-. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. ,V72.82,305.1 preop chest x- GYN surgery. .
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male, metastatic workup.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. Right lung base airspace disease on frontal . opacities in the left lung base consistent with atelectasis. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild wedge deformity of T12. Right lung base airspace disease and left base atelectasis. -year-old male status post . None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs are clear. Normal chest. Dyspnea None available
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No acute abnormality. Abdominal pain ,
PA and lateral views of the chest show enlarging right hilar adenopathy. The lungs appear grossly clear. Heart size and pulmonary are normal. There is no pneumothorax. Pleural spaces are clear. There is mild thoracic spine degenerative change. FINDINGS COULD REPRESENT RESOLVING HISTOPLASMOSIS INFECTION, SARCOIDOSIS, OR MALIGNANCY AS LYMPHOMA OR PRIMARY LUNG CANCER. RECOMMEND CONTRAST-ENHANCED CHEST CT FOR FURTHER EVALUATION.
There has been interval sternotomy with mitral valve surgery. There is a small amount of scarring in the left midlung. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is continued cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium. 1. Scarring in the left midlung. 2. Cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium with postoperative changes of mitral valve surgery. dyspnea
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. , asthma, dyspnea
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest None.
There is hyperinflation of the lungs but they are clear. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. There are bilateral breast prostheses. COPD. Chronic bronchitis. None.
Lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are surgical clips seen within the upper abdomen. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . year old female. Bladder cancer None.
The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged from prior examination. There are round calcific densities in the right lung consistent with prior granulomatous disease. Otherwise, the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. chest pain chest x- and lateral from .
and lateral chest examination was obtained. One AP view is expiratory and was repeated. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute pulmonary disease. dyspnea
No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . year old female, hypertension, preop thyroid surgery. No complaints.
Mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. No focal alveolar consolidation, no pleural effusion demonstrated. Considering technical factors heart size within normal limits. Prominent interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases which may be secondary to low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding, differential considerations include interstitial infiltrates of inflammatory or infectious etiology and mild pulmonary edema. Clinical correlation is recommended. -year-old male,
Bilateral glenohumeral degenerative joint disease. Scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Stable mild heart enlargement.Prominence of soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. It is increased from most recent prior exam on . However, it appears similar compared to exams performed in . No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Focal opacity in the left upper lobe represents scarring or related to overlying rib opacity. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Prominent soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. Recommend follow PA and lateral radiograph or CT thorax for further evaluation. -year-old with chest pain and shortness of breath Chest radiograph on
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. Shortness of breath. None.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Incidental note of an azygos fissure. There are surgical clips, perhaps from cholecystectomy, in the right upper quadrant. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Chest pain today. None.
right basal airspace opacity. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. right basilar airspace opacity. -year-old male with onset pleuritic pain. Chest x- on
Heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. opacity in the left lung base. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. 1. Cardiomegaly 2. opacity in the left base atelectasis -year-old female, dyspnea
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male, None available
Hyperinflated lungs as before compatible with emphysema. Left apical chronic inflammatory and fibrotic changes with apical hilar retraction, unchanged since prior . opacities and chronic inflammatory change right midlung as before. Stable mediastinal contour without overt evidence of adenopathy. No acute airspace disease or CHF. No acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. FOLLOWUP sarcoidosis Comparison , .
Senescent changes with sternotomy. Some focal subsegmental atelectasis suggested on lateral view, probably involving the basilar portion of the right middle lobe. No acute airspace disease, effusions, or CHF. No acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. FOLLOW UP Comparison , scan , .
The lateral view is degraded by patient motion. Lungs are grossly clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. Mildly limited study with lungs grossly clear.
Status post mediastinal surgery. Cardiomegaly. Atherosclerotic disease of the thoracic aorta. Lung volumes are reduced. Suspicion for at bilateral pleural effusions. No acute airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. ,799.02; hypoxia ap in wheelchair None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The chest is in satisfactory position. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. GERM CELL TUMOR BMT W/U LAB;
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. Aortic , cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. Central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Dextro-convex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain No prior
Again observed is a curvilinear density in the right midlung zone which may represent some pulmonary scarring or thickening of the right fissure. There is minimal blunting of the right posterior costophrenic , consistent with a small effusion and/or pleural scarring. The lung parenchyma is otherwise clear. There is mild cardiomegaly. There are degenerative changes and a mild dextroscoliosis in the thoracic spine. 1. Minimal atelectasis in the right midlung zone versus pleural scarring in the right fissure. 2. Minimal blunting of the posterior right costophrenic , consistent with a small pleural effusion and/or pleural scarring. 3. Cardiomegaly. 4. No abnormalities as compared to prior study of earlier the same Altered mental status. Possible pneumonia. a single frontal chest radiograph of earlier the same .
The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size and configuration. This is essentially unchanged. The mediastinum and perihilar structures appear to be unremarkable. A few calcified granulomata are noted. No focal infiltrates are seen. No obvious mediastinal lymphadenopathy is appreciated. Osseous structures appear to be unremarkable. This is a -year-old male patient with history of testicular carcinoma approximately 12 years ago; Nonsmoker. No chest complaints otherwise. ICD-9 code is V-10.47. Date of exam is , . Comparison is to , .
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Clear lungs. left lower chest pain with .r/o pneumonia
The left and right remain enlarged and unchanged. Lungs are free of infiltrates. Heart size normal. Stable bilateral hilar adenopathy. H/O SARCOIDOSIS , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. There is a right middle lobe nodule which is denser than adjacent is most calcified. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. , dyspnea, history of asthma None available
This radiograph was available for my interpretation at hours /. There are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. History of . None available.
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The are unremarkable. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old female with chest pain. None Available.
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. sternotomy are again seen. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. Right lung calcified granulomata are again seen. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute cardiothoracic disease or significant interval change. Chest pain, correlate with V/Q scan. Chest x- .
Heart size is enlarged. The aorta is unfolded. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is normal. There are streaky bibasilar opacities. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. Cardiomegaly with mild bibasilar infiltrates versus atelectasis. -year-old female with history of seizure. AP portable chest x- dated .
Heart size is normal. Multiple scattered small 4 mm nodules throughout the chest. These most represent calcified small granulomas. A low KV film demonstrate these are probably calcified. chest pain
Heart size and vascularity normal. Lungs are clear. No effusions or pneumothorax. Normal chest. infection chest pain. comparisXXXX/
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Specifically, no evidence of rib fractures. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old male, 2 ago, rib pain.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
The heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothorax. The are grossly intact. Interval removal of right PICC. Persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No acute visualized cardiopulmonary abnormality. year old with lymphoma. .
sternotomy and mediastinal postsurgical changes. Stable cardiomegaly. Crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings related to low lung volumes and technique. Grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation. sternotomy and mediastinal postsurgical changes. Stable cardiomegaly. Crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings related to low lung volumes and technique. Grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation. Dyspnea. , .
Chronic-appearing opacities are unchanged and represent emphysema. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No focal airspace opacities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with weakness
Low lung volumes. Cardiomegaly. Minimal left base and perihilar minimal infiltrate. rales
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No cavitary lesions. are grossly unremarkable. 1. Clear lungs. No radiographic evidence of active TB. -year-old female with positive PPD None available
Lungs are clear. blunting of the left costophrenic consistent with a small left pleural effusion and associated airspace disease. The right lung is clear. Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Degenerative changes in the spine. 1. Heart size upper limits of normal. 2. Small left pleural effusion with associated airspace disease. dyspnea
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. year-old male, .
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Umbilical piercing. No acute abnormality. . None available
Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Shortness of breath,
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved. Right chest wall surgical have been removed. There is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis. Mild opacities compatible with residual atelectasis/scarring. Esophageal cancer
No comparison chest x-. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. PAIN;
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old female with chest tightness. None available.
The heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting behind the mediastinum. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. 2. Hiatal hernia. -year-old male with chest pain. None.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Mild curvature thoracolumbar junction. No active pulmonary disease. Preop breast reduction surgery None.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain Chest radiograph ,
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Peripheral right basilar calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Apparent nodular opacity on lateral projection, immediately retrocardiac, is to represent confluence of overlapping silhouettes. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. . . None.
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . -year-old male with pain.
Radiographic attenuation obscures detail. Grossly, the lungs are clear and expanded. Heart is large. Pulmonary are normal. Stable cardiomegaly without gross evidence for failure or pneumonia. chest pain , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality.. No acute cardiopulmonary process, specifically no evidence of active tuberculosis. -year-old male, positive PPD, asymptomatic, rule out TB. None.
Heart upper limits normal. Lungs clear chest pain None.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. , vehicle collision
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. Slight thoracolumbar curvature is noted. No acute disease. Patient states he has been on antibiotics for approx. 1 .
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . intact. Mild degenerative change of the lower thoracic spine, anterior osteophytes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The patient is a -year-old female, preop evaluation. Smoking history positive. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated with opacities compatible with pleural-parenchymal scarring. There is no acute infiltrate or effusion. Emphysema and scarring without acute disease COPD preop evaluation for lung transplant
No comparisons. The heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. .
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. There are no large pleural effusions. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old with shortness of breath.
Normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. Grossly clear lungs, without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No evidence of displaced rib fractures. Normal thoracic vertebral body . 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male involved in ATV rollover . None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Chest pain
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There has been sternotomy. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. Sore throat and for one
The lungs are . opacities are present in the right costophrenic . No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal. Findings of COPD with right costophrenic focal atelectasis. chest pain , .
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. There is calcified granuloma in the left lingula. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male with , wheeze and chills. None.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Negative chest. Shortness of breath
A calcified granuloma is present in the right costophrenic . Lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size normal. No active disease. dyspnea
No comparison chest x- lungs. Lucency left chest compatible with relatively large pneumothorax and collapse of substantial portion of left lung. No substantial mediastinal shift seen. Right lung grossly clear.
No comparison chest x-. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 786.59,786.09, 34yof with chest pressure,sob with activity
The cardio mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. No pneumothorax. No pneumonia. No pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes mid thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Dyspnea. Chest pain. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. pt states pain couple of days worse today
Lung volumes remain . opacity is present in the right middle lobe. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal. Continued hypoinflation with right middle lobe focal atelectasis. chronic , .
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute bony or soft tissue abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . year old male with low blood , dyspnea. None.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Negative chest . pt states hx of asthma \T\
opacities in the left base may be compatible with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old male, dyspnea
Heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings -year-old female, syncope
There has been interval development of a large right-sided pleural effusion. The left lung is clear. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size mediastinal contours are within normal limits. deformity is noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body. Interval development of large right-sided pleural effusion. deformity noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body relates to deformity described on previous CT scan. Decreased oxygen saturation. PA and lateral views of the chest on , CT scan of the thorax on , .
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Again noted is tortuosity and unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Aortic vascular calcifications. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bone demineralization. No acute abnormality. -year-old for placement ,
Heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. The lung parenchyma is clear, without focal airspace opacity. There are no pleural effusions, and there is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, upper abdominal pain, nausea
Tracheostomy tube terminates at the level of the clavicles. Moderate cardiomegaly stable. Increased interstitial markings and patchy opacities through the bases. Nonspecific, findings may indicate edema or atypical infection. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Productive x4 days ,
The heart is near top normal in size with tortuosity of the aorta. The pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and normal. There are low lung volumes with opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in thoracic spine and thoracic kyphosis. Low lung volumes with opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. -year-old male with chest pain. PA and lateral chest radiographs .
The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old female with 100 loss. PA and lateral chest radiographs .
Heart size is normal. No focal consolidations. There is a 6 mm calcified granuloma at the medial right lung base. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with weakness. None available.
No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Scattered bilateral granulomas. Patchy left basal airspace opacity. Bilateral small effusions. 1. Left base opacity may represent early infection or atelectasis. Recommend followup PA and lateral chest x- in 6 weeks to ensure resolution. 2. Bilateral small pleural effusions. -year-old with chest pain. Portable chest .
The heart size is normal. There is normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Lungs are clear bilaterally. Thoracic spine shows anterior osteophyte formation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. DKA, ALONG W/ CHANGE IN MENTAL STATUS chest 2 views from , .
Lungs are hyperinflated but clear. No focal infiltrate or effusion. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. Calcified mediastinal identified. Hyperinflated but clear lungs. -year-old male with dyspnea
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable paratracheal soft tissue density dating back to exams in , confluence of vascular shadows. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Chest pain and hypertension Chest x-
Compared to prior examination, there is significant improvement in aeration bilaterally, with improved bilateral airspace opacities. Currently, there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung, which may represent mild residual airspace disease, atelectasis, or underlying changes of chronic lung disease. No large focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or definite pleural effusions identified. The mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. No acute osseous abnormality is identified. Significant improvement in bilateral airspace disease and improved aeration bilaterally as described above. -year-old with . Single view of the chest dated , .
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Multiple -filled loops of bowel are present. Gastrostomy is noted. 1. Clear lungs. Pre-op evaluation, surgery. None.
Chest. Lung volumes are low, but no focal infiltrates are present. Heart and mediastinum remain normal. Abdomen. Multiple slightly distended loops are present from stomach to rectum. Formed stool is present in the rectum. 1. Chest. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Abdomen. Negative. No mechanical obstruction. KUB/ constipation postop , .
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. Dyspnea ,
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Calcified right upper lobe nodule with a granuloma is again seen but unchanged. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain. .
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. No acute pulmonary disease. Preop bladder surgery ,
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. No focal consolidation is seen. Postsurgical/biopsy changes overlying the right breast. Mild hypoinflation without acute disease.
The heart size is at the upper limits of normal. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Mild chronic degenerative changes are present within the thoracic spine.. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with diabetic ketoacidosis and chest pain Chest radiograph ,
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Atherosclerosis of the aortic . No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. Expiratory wheezing. Lower extremity edema. , .
There is a moderate sized right pleural effusion. Severe slightly smaller than is compared to . There is a small left pleural effusion. This is unchanged as compared to the prior study. There is a right chest wall venous which appears accessed. No pneumothorax. Scaphoid abdomen. 1. Moderate sized right pleural effusion appears smaller than the prior study. 2. Small left pleural effusion appears unchanged. Short of breath.
Heart size and vascularity normal. These contour normal. Lungs clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Normal chest. Positive TB test None.
No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Mild degenerative change thoracic spine. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Heart size normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Surgery for goiter, -year-old female.
The heart is normal in size and contour. Scattered calcifications are noted, compatible with prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old outside chest pain radiating the left arm. None.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Lower cervical spine fusion and sternotomy. Old healed left mid posterior rib fractures. Emphysema. No nodules, masses or adenopathy. History of loss
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest chest pain None.
Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart and mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Bony thorax intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain. Chest radiograph .
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. There are low lung volumes on the frontal view, which accentuates heart size and lung markings. The heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. Mediastinum normal width. The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. There is left lung base atelectasis on frontal secondary to low volumes. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Low lung volumes with crowding. Mild left base atelectasis. Shortness of breath
Low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old female with abdominal pain Chest x-, .
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. with shortness of breath
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . -year-old female with chest pain. None.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. There is no focal airspace consolidation. There is no visible pneumothorax. The left costophrenic sulcus is blunted. However, no retrocardiac pleural fluid collection is seen on the lateral view. The right acromioclavicular joint is mildly widened with respect to the left. This is - and may be due to left osteoarthritis or a remote right mild . 1. Left-sided small pleural effusion versus extrapleural fat or scarring. 2. Cardiomegaly. 6 feet from ladder. Right shoulder pain. , .
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified. No acute abnormality. Chest pain Chest radiograph from
Stable mild rightward curvature of the thoracic spine. Heart size is normal. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. year old female with for 3 years. PA and lateral views of the chest from .
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. pleural pain ,
Heart size is upper limits of normal. The pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is right basilar air space opacity. Right middle lobe and lower lobe pneumonia. Followup radiographs in 8-12 weeks after appropriate therapy are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality. -year-old with hypertension and for one . None.
The lungs are clear. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting underlying emphysema. The heart and pulmonary appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease 786.05-
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of active disease. History of hepatocellular carcinoma, status post transplant.
Stable left lower lung calcified granuloma. Otherwise lungs are clear. Left-sided perihilar calcified lymph node, unchanged. No of the pleural effusions. No of active cardiopulmonary disease. No of active tuberculosis. Rule out TB for instance the placement. .
There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . -year-old with and low-grade temperature. None.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with chest pain. Two views of the chest .
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is bibasal interstitial opacity and left basal platelike opacity due to discoid atelectasis and/or scarring. There are emphysematous changes, particularly within the right upper lobe. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. 1. COPD. Basilar probable pulmonary fibrosis and scarring. 2. No acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified. Abdominal pain and distention. , .
In the interval, consolidation and atelectasis have developed in the right lower lobe. Costophrenic blunted on the right. Left lung clear. Heart size normal. Left lower lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. Associated right pleural effusion. , .
There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are low lung volumes. Lung volumes with streaky left basilar opacity consistent with subsegmental atelectasis. Right post thoracic pain. None available.
Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Bandlike opacities are present in the right lung. Appearance suggest atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Bandlike opacities in the right lung. Appearance atelectasis.
Normal heart size. Dilated pulmonary arteries. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. No focal airspace consolidation. Decreased biapical vascular markings with moderate hyperexpansion the lungs, consistent with obstructive pulmonary disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. Moderate hyperinflation of the lungs. 2. Dilated pulmonary arteries. This may reflect pulmonary hypertension. Increased dyspnea on exertion, with COPD on home oxygen Chest CT ,
No comparison chest x-. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. ,272.4 hyperlidemia
Cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size. Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. There is evidence of healed granulomatous disease in the right hemithorax. Lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with . None.
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal. Unremarkable radiographs of the chest. x1 . Chest x- .
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of active disease. Thyroid nodule
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable left lower lobe calcified granuloma. Remote left clavicle fracture. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with loss and history of tobacco use. CT thorax dated
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Lungs are hyperlucent and hyperexpanded. Negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. Stable chronic lung changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Shortness of breath PA and lateral chest radiograph dated , .
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The left hemidiaphragm is elevated. This is unchanged. No focal airspace disease is seen. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. 1. Continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. 2. No evidence of active disease. Abdominal pain, right upper quadrant. .
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Granulomatous calcifications are present. The lungs are otherwise clear. Bony structures are intact. Prior cholecystectomy. No acute preoperative findings. Preop bariatric surgery None.
Moderate cardiomegaly with narrowed severe mediastinal contours. Been sternotomy noted. No pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. No focal lung consolidation. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Moderate cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary edema. Unexplained leukocytosis, please rule out pneumonia none
Stable cardiomegaly, at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Stable sternotomy , several of which are interrupted, and mediastinal clips. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes. Stable cardiomegaly without heart failure. -year-old male. Chest pain. , .
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. A large hiatal hernia is noted. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. No evidence of active disease. Breast cancer. None.
heart size is normal, lungs are clear. No nodular masses. CT scan is more sensitive in detecting small nodules. asthma. Cigarette smoking
Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. There is an 8 mm calcified nodule in the left midlung. There is also a 7 mm calcified nodule near the left hilum. Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female, rule out mass or TB. None available.
Heart size is upper limits of normal for AP projection. Mediastinal contours and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. The patient's chin obscures the bilateral lung apices. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fractures are seen. There are moderate degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. 1. Moderate thoracic spondylosis. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Back pain None.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest chest pain None.
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. and . Chest pain. Vomiting and diarrhea. None.
The heart is borderline in size. The mediastinum is stable with changes of sternotomy and bypass graft. Aorta is atherosclerotic. There are postsurgical changes of the left hemithorax with mild left-sided volume loss as evidenced by diaphragm elevation. Left post thoracotomy rib changes are noted. The right lung is clear. There is no pleural effusion. Stable left thoracotomy changes with left-sided volume loss. No acute interval change. Followup lung cancer
Lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bony thorax intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Smoking, COPD. Chest radiograph .
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. AND SOB AP chest
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. Biapical scarring noted. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal air space disease. Asthma
Cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. . -year-old male, hemoptysis, chest pain and shortness of breath. PA and lateral chest x- dated .
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old with dyspnea. None.
There are bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes bilaterally. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The are unremarkable. There is an embolization overlying left upper quadrant. Bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes representing airspace disease or edema. -year-old female with dyspnea. None Available.
Stable normal cardiac size and contour, normal mediastinal silhouette. Normal pulmonary . Lungs clear, no airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable chest, no active/acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain. .
Patient is rotated. Mild cardiomegaly. Low lung volumes with elevated hemidiaphragms, greater on the right. This is identified on a thoracic study from as well. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. No focal infiltrate. Cardiomegaly with elevated right hemidiaphragms and no acute findings. DYSPNEA; Shortness of breath for 4 weeks. Bilateral leg for one . Patient on 2 liters of oxygen at home. None.
Stable cardiomegaly with large hiatal hernia. The lungs are clear History of dyspnea.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pneumoperitoneum. Limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Abdominal pain and chest pain, high lipase None.
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are low lung volumes with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female presenting with DKA
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. Stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. Stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with loss and . Chest x- on .
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal surgical clips, mediastinal and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. Improved lung volumes, left base opacities most suggestive of scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old male, pain, history of surgery
Right apical scarring as before. Right midlung granuloma. No suspicious appearing nodules identified. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. testis cancer Comparison , .
Both lungs remain clear and expanded. Heart and pulmonary are normal. No change in the large hiatus hernia. No change. No visible active cardiopulmonary disease. coarse wheeze and productive x 1 . Hx CHF. , .
Some hyperinflation appears to be present. There are small calcified granulomas. The lungs are otherwise clear. The heart is normal. The mediastinum is normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. Probable COPD and old granulomatous disease. Preop surgical from the surgery.
Cardiomediastinal contour stable and within normal limits. Changes of prior CABG again noted. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Streaky bibasilar opacities decreased from previous, possibly subsegmental atelectasis and/or scar. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. Redemonstrated severe L1 fracture. Slight interval increase in loss of T11 and there is mild to moderate anterior loss of T10. Degenerative changes of the spine. Abdominal aortic stent. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. 2. Mild to moderate T10 vertebral body anterior deformity, from . Slight interval increase in loss of T11. Unchanged severe L1 deformity. If further imaging characterization is needed, recommend MRI. Findings will be conveyed to the ordering physician the Primordial communication .
Frontal and lateral views. The cardiac silhouette is on the upper limits normal for size. Interstitial opacities are persistent at both lung bases. Calcified granulomas are also identified. compared to the previous CT scan, there has been no significant interval change. No developing airspace opacity, or pneumothorax. Stable groundglass and interstitial markings at the lung bases. Overall this is not to represent a significant change from . . .
The heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. The left hilar calcified lymph appear stable. There is persistence of a left lower lobe calcified nodule representing a granuloma. The lungs are hyperinflated but otherwise clear bilaterally. 1. Severe hyperinflation. 2. Stable left calcified hilar lymph . Preoperative for thyroidectomy, COPD, chest pain, Chest 2 views from , .
Mild cardiomegaly, stable mediastinal contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mild cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings -year-old female, pain, short of breath
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidations. The osseous structures are intact. Calcification in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen consistent with gallstone. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with , congestion and shortness of breath. Chest x- /
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Dyspnea
Again, the patient is mildly rotated, and there is a mild curvature of the thoracic spine. Stable borderline cardiac enlargement. In the left lower lobe on the lateral view, there appears to be some patchy airspace disease which is probably mostly atelectasis from an elevated left diaphragm. The be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. No significant pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is an extensive fusion of the posterior cervical spine. Underinflated lungs with elevation of the left diaphragm and patchy airspace disease in the left base, probably mostly atelectasis. It would be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. No pleural effusion. Hypoxemia ,
The heart is mildly enlarged. The lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. There is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis and/or possible infiltrate. Increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior CT. The study is limited secondary to moderate motion. Underlying emphysematous changes are identified. Hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. Followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. IMPRESSION: Exam: CHEST 2V FRONTAL/LATERAL Date: , PM Comparison: CT chest History: Shortness of breath FINDINGS: The heart is mildly enlarged. The lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. There is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis and/or possible infiltrate. Increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior CT. The study is limited secondary to moderate motion. Underlying emphysematous changes are identified. IMPRESSION: Hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis. Followup evaluation is suggested in 2 to 4 weeks. Shortness of breath CT chest
The outside x- is normal except for slight cardiomegaly. Heart size upper limits normal. Lungs are clear. No evidence of active tuberculosis. No change from prior exam. History of tuberculosis. with comparison of outside films on CD identified with the patient's name from .
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. Minimal bibasilar airspace disease. No pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Minimal bibasilar airspace disease. Chest pain. Chest x- dated .
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Note is of calcifications in the aortic . The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. There is calcification of the chondral portions of the ribs. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. No displaced rib fractures are seen. . The patient is an -year-old woman who stepping a ladder. The patient complains of right hip and right femur pain. Chest x-, single view portable from , .
Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Atherosclerotic changes in the thoracic aorta. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No of pleural effusions. No of acute cardiopulmonary disease. PNUEMONIA exsmoker x 10 yrs hx onset asthma x 5 yrs f/u pneumonia x 1 ago experiencing dyspnea .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. Aorta is tortuous. Right chest tip is visualized at the proximal right atrium. The lungs are grossly clear. No pneumothorax is seen. There are deformities of the left lateral 7th and 8th ribs possibly healing or old fractures. No acute disease. EVALUATE FOR METASTATIC DISEASE;
The heart is enlarged. The left subclavian ICD is again identified. There is again hilar enlargement, superimposes enlarged pulmonary vasculature. opacities are unchanged and compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no large pleural effusion or focal consolidation. Stable moderate to marked cardiomegaly. Dyspnea
Consolidation is developing in the left lower lobe. A patchy infiltrate is also present in the right lower lobe. Heart size is normal. Bibasilar pneumonia. CP
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Shortness of breath
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. The mediastinum is normal. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. No acute pulmonary disease. No gross evidence for rib fracture. Left chest pain rule out rib fracture
Lung volumes are low. No infiltrates. Heart and mediastinum are normal. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. cp
The heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact, with mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old female with congestion. None.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. There is hiatal hernia. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. CP chest x-, 2 views PA and lateral from .
Lungs mildly hyperinflated with flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Left hilar calcifications and dense left lower lobe nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. Overall heart size within normal limits with prominent right atrial convexity, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. 1. Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory . 2. Question mild right atrial enlargement, no findings to suggest pulmonary edema. -year-old male, pain
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Osteopenia and deformities, degenerative changes and scoliosis are present in the thoracic spine. Calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. On component of a scan /, several nodules were identified. A nodule is seen in the right middle lobe which corresponds with one of the nodules present on the previous CT scan. 1. Right middle lobe lung nodule. Corresponds to one of those seen on the previous scan. The other nodules seen on the chest CT scan are not identified. This may be due to having resolved or simply not being visible on the chest x-. A chest CT scan would be needed to be to determine whether these have resolved or not visible on the chest x-. loss. None.
Lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Calcified lymph . Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . female. Evaluate for metastatic disease Chest 2 views.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Pain. , .
Low lung volumes with bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. No focal consolidations, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is biapical scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear. No acute disease. Bilateral rhonchi Nones
No active disease. chest pain
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No effusions, pneumonia, or edema dyspnea None.
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. chest radiograph prior to initiation of medication
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Shortness of breath, inhalation. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated. There is biapical scarring. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion seen. Emphysema without acute disease. EMPHYSEMIA; thyroidectomy sched in one .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. Emphysematous changes are identified. There is no acute infiltrate or effusion. Emphysema without acute disease. Chest pain
There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic which may represent a small right pleural effusion. No focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. Cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates stable mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, and heart size within normal limits and stable. No acute osseous abnormality. There is redemonstration of mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine. Old, healed left rib fractures are noted. Possible small right pleural effusion, without focal consolidation or pneumothorax. -year-old woman with dyspnea.. CT of the chest dated , .
Given differences in patient rotation, heart size and mediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. Lungs appear clear without focal consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with scattered deformities. Stable postsurgical changes of the left shoulder and marked degenerative changes of the right shoulder. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Vascular calcification is noted. 1. No evidence of active disease. .
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. Acromioclavicular joint degenerative change. There is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. and infection,
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. The aorta is tortuous, but the heart and mediastinum otherwise normal. No active disease. Chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. Calcified right hilar lymph are demonstrated. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic . No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild to moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old female with a history of chronic lymphoid leukemia presents for bone marrow transplant evaluation. None available.
Mediastinal contours are normal. No significant change in pneumothorax or right pleural fluid.. No significant change in right pneumothorax or pleural fluid. Evaluate pneumothorax
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Again seen is paraspinal foreign body which may represent a bullet fragment. Negative chest . Dyspnea
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. History of with .
Chest. Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. Mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Right knee. There has been prior ligamentous repair. There is tricompartmental joint space narrowing and marginal osteophyte formation which is severe in the medial compartment. No knee joint effusion. No fractures or dislocations. 1. Chest. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Right knee. Stable advanced degenerative changes, most severe in the medial compartment. -year-old male with , and preoperative evaluation for right total knee replacement. Radiographs of the right knee from . PA and lateral views of the chest from .
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain
Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal in size and contour. Right lung is clear. Stable blunting of costophrenic with improved aeration of the left base compared to prior exam. No visualized pneumothorax or focal consolidation. unremarkable. Stable blunting of the left costophrenic which may represent persistent left pleural effusion versus pleural scarring. -year-old male, left pleural effusion with compressive atelectasis. Chest x- .
3 cm right upper lobe anterior segment mass. No effusion. No adenopathy. CT scan is the to determine if there is any mediastinal adenopathy. No bony abnormalities. lung cancer preop
Mild cardiomegaly. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is thoracic kyphosis. There is deformity of T12 and L1, unchanged abdomen , . Aortic calcifications are noted. Fracture of right proximal humerus, incompletely evaluated. 1. No acute abnormality of the chest. 2. deformities of T12 and L1, unchanged abdomen , abdomen , . 3. Fracture of right proximal humerus, incompletely evaluated. . -year-old woman with decreased breath sounds. ,
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal. Unremarkable radiographs of the chest. Chest pain.
Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes thoracic spine. No acute abnormality. -year-old woman, short of breath. , .
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with dyspnea on exertion. None.
No active disease. elevated blood pressure
No comparison chest x-. No suspicious appearing lung nodules. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. DISEASE;
There is stable cardiomegaly. Aorta is calcified and tortuous. There are multiple pleural calcifications representing prior asbestos exposure. These appear unchanged. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation. 1. Cardiomegaly and findings of prior asbestos exposure without interval acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with history of . , .
Heart size normal and lungs are relatively clear. There is minimal underlying interstitial opacities. This is markedly improved compared to prior exam dyspnea
The lungs appear clear. There are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. There is no evidence of pneumonia. The heart pulmonary appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease INDICATION: HISTORY OF TOBACCO USE;
Heart size is mildly enlarged but stable.. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Hypertension
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old with history of testicular cancer, evaluate for recurrence. Chest x- dated
Negative for cardiac enlargement. Negative for vascular congestion. There are several small circular opacities in the right upper lung, some of which are centrally lucent. Negative for bony abnormality. Multiple round opacities in the right upper lobe measuring up to 7 mm. Exact etiology of these is unclear. This is a -year-old woman with chest pain. History of recent pneumomediastinum. None.
Stable normal heart size. Calcified aorta. Eventration right diaphragm. Scarring in the pulmonary apices. No acute findings. Thoracic spondylosis. physical ,
There is mild opacification over both , secondary to soft tissue attenuation. There are no focal air space opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Trachea is midline. No free subdiaphragmatic air. No acute pulmonary disease. year-old female with dyspnea. None.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute abnormality. Shortness of breath. History polysubstance abuse. Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral , .
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. Lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. chest pain chest x-, 2 views from .
No pneumothorax. Pacemaker defibrillator tips in the right atrium, right ventricle and a coronary vein. Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. pacemaker for pneumothorax yesterday
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear. No acute disease. EVALUATE FOR METASTATIC DISEASE; history of renal cancer; preop adrenalectomy, left-sided pain
Patchy interstitial infiltrates have developed in both lower lobes. Both costophrenic are blunted. Aorta is somewhat tortuous, with the heart size is normal. Pulmonary are normal. Bibasilar patchy airspace disease with bilateral small pleural fluid collections. Shortness of breath.
Heart size remains slightly large. Pulmonary are normal. Aorta tortuous. change. No active cardiopulmonary disease. chest pain , .
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. No evidence of active disease. Testicular carcinoma.
Intact sternotomy . Stable cardiomegaly with grossly unchanged rightward mediastinal shift. Unchanged appearance of left perihilar calcified lymph and left basilar calcified granuloma. Relatively unchanged appearance of prominent interstitial markings with patchy bibasilar atelectasis. The negative for pneumothorax, focal infiltrate, or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. 1. Stable cardiomegaly with right mediastinal shift. 2. Stable interstitial markings and prominent bibasilar airspace opacities which represent atelectasis. -year-old female with increased .
There your regular interstitial changes and possibly fibrosis in the left mid and lower lung zone and region of the right middle lobe. Hyperinflation is present. No focal consolidation is seen. There is no evidence for pleural effusion. The heart is not enlarged. Mediastinum is normal. There are arthritic changes of the spine. of COPD and interstitial lung disease. No definite pneumonia. There does appear to be progression of changes since . Recently diagnosed with pneumonia.
There is a right-sided chest identified whose distal tip projects over the SVC. Heart size is normal. Low lung volumes with elevated right hemidiaphragm. The lungs are grossly clear. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Normal mediastinal and hilar contours. Degenerative changes of the spine. Low lung volumes. No acute abnormality Dyspnea, history of prostate cancer. , shortness of breath, nausea. Patient on chemotherapy
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Chest pain. None.
Heart size is upper limits of normal. Aorta is tortuous. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There is a posterior basilar opacity seen on lateral representing subsegmental atelectasis, visualized on lateral view. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Scoliosis of the spine. 1. Posterior basilar opacity representing subsegmental atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear. Preoperative evaluation None.
Stable 1 cm right apical pneumothorax. Minimal atelectasis left base. Heart size normal History of chest tube removal earlier today at
There has been previous aortic valve replacement. Heart is towards upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion. The skeletal structures are normal. The soft tissues are normal. Question mild pulmonary vascular congestion in a patient with prosthetic aortic valve. COPD and shortness of breath.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. There are scattered nodular opacities, calcified granulomas. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Probable previous granulomatous disease. Dizzy. Unable to . None.
There is bilateral lower lung airspace disease. There are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. There is no pneumothorax. Mediastinal silhouette normal. Calcified left hilar lymph . Small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions with adjacent infiltrate or atelectasis. Hypoxic with low-grade . , .
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. There are no focal infiltrates. There is prominent epipericardial fat. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Right 7th and 8th rib deformities are noted. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with chest pain. None.
Chest: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Thoracic spine: Mild dextro curvature the upper thoracic spine. Evaluation of the upper thoracic bodies is limited secondary to osseous overlap. Vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. Mild degenerative endplate changes. Lumbar spine: There are 5 nonrib-bearing lumbar type vertebral bodies. Alignment is within normal limits. Vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. Mild degenerative change without acute displaced fracture or dislocation. Moderate amount of stool.. Chest. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Thoracic spine. Mild degenerative change without acute bony abnormality. Lumbar spine. Mild degenerative change without acute bony abnormality. MVA with back pain None available
Heart size is normal. 2 cm calcified granuloma in the right midlung. Calcified right hilar lymph . No other nodules or masses. It is unchanged compared to a for the abdomen CT scan from . The 40% of the nodule is on the upper portion of the film. left chest pain
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lung volumes are low. There is a calcified granuloma in the right hilum. Minimal atelectasis or scarring in the left lower lobe. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with left lateral chest wall contusion. None.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified granulomas. History of dyspnea
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. x2 weeks None available.
The The cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. Atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. The lungs are clear with no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax . Deformity of multiple left anterior ribs are present from previous fractures. Lumbar scoliosis is noted. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Preoperative exam for hip surgery None available
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . The patient is a -year-old male who suffered a . None available.
Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. There are extensive vascular calcifications. There is a left midlung calcified granuloma. Cardiomegaly without acute disease. -year-old preop evaluation for knee replacement. None.
Heart size is normal. Scattered right hilar granulomas and calcified 8mm right apical granuloma. Resolution of right effusion and infiltrate. Stable chronic blunting of the lateral left costophrenic . dyspnea 9
There is stable marked cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. The left chest pacemaker is unchanged from comparison exam with fractured proximal lateral and both tips overlying the right ventricle. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. Stable marked cardiomegaly. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old with dyspnea. .
Bilateral enlargement of the , lymphadenopathy. Consider correlation with a of the chest. Sarcoidosis would be a consideration, less lymphoproliferative /lymphoma. . None.
Heart size upper limits normal. Sternotomy. Right-sided aortic . Lungs are clear. History of dyspnea 24
Low lung volumes bilaterally with bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. There is blunting of the bilateral costophrenic sulci. Cardiac device overlies left chest, leads intact, tips overlying right atrium and right ventricle. No pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly. Degenerative changes of the spine. Cardiomegaly with bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left. . -year-old male with dyspnea Chest
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. Lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. No evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Multilevel degenerative changes of the spine are noted. 1. Emphysematous change without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. None available.
There is a focal area of opacity in the right midlung zone. This was not present on the recent prior study. There is prominence of the pulmonary markings throughout and there are small bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There is a prosthetic valve. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. 1. Focal opacity in the right midlung zone worrisome for pneumonitis. 2. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion. CHF and shortness of breath.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. No acute pulmonary disease. Preop knee surgery
No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious bony opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, stab wounds, . Single view chest dated .
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Calcified aortic . No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance. No acute or pulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with COPD, , vomiting, and elevated white blood cell . CT chest ,
Cardiomegaly. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly similar to prior examination. Negative for evidence of acute pulmonary disease. Preoperative evaluation
There is bibasilar airspace disease. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and stable. There is blunting of the right costophrenic unchanged scarring. No pneumothorax. Bibasilar airspace disease. .
The lungs are hyperexpanded, with increased AP diameter of the chest. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and normal. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chronic changes consistent with emphysema. -year-old with chest pain. CT of the thorax on ,
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Clear lungs. Preop for ear surgery. History of tobacco use.
Sternotomy noted. Suture material overlies the left upper lobe. Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Scarring left costophrenic , unchanged. Calcified granulomas noted. No acute abnormality. -year-old , chest pain. , .
Sternotomy are noted in . Vascular clips are noted consistent with previous coronary artery bypass graft. The previously seen central venous line catheter has been removed. A left pleural effusion remains. Underlying atelectasis is suspected. Given differences in technique, the effusion is not to be significantly different but is favored to be lower end of moderate for size. Osseous structures are remarkable for osteopenia, degenerative changes and there is some kyphosis noted to the thoracic spine. This is a -year-old female patient with history of coronary artery bypass graft x3 and recent open-heart surgery. Coronary artery bypass graft performed . The patient is an -. Comparison is to .
[<Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. There is a large hiatal hernia seen projecting in the retrocardiac region. This is from prior examination. There is associated atelectasis in the left lung base. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. 1. large hiatal hernia. 2. Left base atelectasis.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. Lungs otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Dyspnea, history of pancreatic cancer CT chest
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Hemoptysis
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Stable mild hyperinflation, right apical pleural-parenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute findings -year-old male, chest pain
Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart and mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Bony thorax intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain. .
No The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are T-spine osteophytes. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Fatigue, low hemoglobin, shortness of breath. None available for
There is mild cardiomegaly, similar to prior exams. No focal consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable mild cardiomegaly. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Shortness of breath with chest pain and dizziness ,
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. A few bandlike opacities are present which are to represent small areas of scarring or atelectasis. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Calcified granuloma is present in the left lung. No evidence of active disease. Bone marrow transplant evaluation
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Chronic appearing left greater than right lung base scarring with possible small effusions. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. 1. Chronic appearing bibasilar pleural abnormality with possible small effusions. 2. No evidence of pneumonia. TIPS shunt visualized. . -year-old female with , abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting. TIPS revision ,
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old female, chest pain
The cardiac contours are normal. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. ,
Normal heart size. scarring in the left lung base. Otherwise, clear lungs. Reconstructed right clavicle. and congestion ,
Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No of pleural effusions. No of active cardiopulmonary disease. Transplant evaluation; No chest complaints; Nonsmoker; No previous surgery; Shielded. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Bilateral scapula appear unremarkable. -year-old female, scapular pain. Single view chest radiograph .
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Lungs appear relatively clear on today's exam. No significant interval change since the prior study and . pulmonary nodule. ,
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with chest pain.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The ascending aorta is prominent and descending thoracic aorta is is tortuous. Aorta appears unchanged as compared to the study. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules are identified. There is an oblong density projecting over the anterior left 7th rib. Appearance suggests an old rib fracture. This is since the previous study. 1. Clear lungs. 2. Apparent old rib fractures in the left anterior chest. Melanoma 127 x 10
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Scattered calcified granulomas noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain.. None.
Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, lateral view interlobar fissural thickening. Interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases. 1. Cardiomegaly, question small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, differential diagnosis includes infectious and inflammatory processes. -year-old female, chest pain
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no focal air space opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is demonstrated. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. , history of acute bronchitis
Heart size is within normal limits. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Lungs are clear bilaterally without effusion or pneumothorax. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities. No cardiopulmonary abnormality. Preop for knee surgery. None.
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. Surgical clips are identified in the mediastinum. Pleural spaces are clear. Soft tissue previously noted along the right lateral chest wall has resolved. No acute cardiopulmonary disease mediastinal mass
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Right-sided aortic . Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. There is right basal patchy opacity and bibasal atelectasis or scarring. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right apical calcified granuloma noted. 1. Right basal acute airspace disease. Please correlate clinically for pneumonia. 2. Chronic interstitial pattern, may reflect COPD. Shortest breath , .
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No abnormal airspace opacities or large cavitary lung lesions. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. No radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. ICD 9 code 795.5 None available
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. No focal lung consolidation. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Upper infection symptoms none
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain. Two view chest radiograph dated , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified. 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old male with left posterior rib pain. None.
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. [Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits>]. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Chest pressure. Chest x- .
Cardiomegaly with midlung and lower lobe edema. Shunt catheter overlies the right anterior chest. History of
Heart is mildly enlarged but stable. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. The patient is status post valve replacement. sternotomy intact. No focal airspace disease or effusion. Residuals of prior granulomatous infection. Degenerative change of the spine. No pneumothorax. 1. Stable cardiomegaly without evidence for acute pulmonary process. Chest pain this a.m.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Lung are clear without evidence of effusion, infiltrate, or pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures are intact. Visualized soft tissues appear normal. Normal chest x-. . None.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Tortuous thoracic aorta. Clear lungs. Chest pain, pressure
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. There is interval improvement in the right lower lobe airspace disease. There is mild air space opacity in that distribution. No airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Improved right lower lobe consolidation with mild residual or recurrent pneumonia. Recommend radiographic follow up after appropriate therapy to confirm resolution. If there is no improvement consider for further evaluation. . Right upper quadrant abdominal pain and nonproductive for one . ,
1. Low lung volumes 2. Patchy and streaky bibasilar atelectasis or scarring, unchanged from prior study 3. Blunting of the costophrenic suggestive of small pleural effusions. This is seen in the posterior costophrenic recesses 4. Esophagogastric to the in , the distal tip coursing inferiorly into the stomach and not included on the study. Previously noted esophagogastric flexion catheter has been removed 5. Previously noted left-sided PICC line has been removed. PLEURAL EFFUSION SEEN ON ; at
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Chest pain. Radiograph from .
Compared with prior examination mildly improved inspirational . Lung parenchyma is not clear. No acute airspace disease, large pleural effusions or pulmonary edema. No of acute cardiopulmonary disease. INDICATION: ASPIRATION PNA; aspiration PNA. Pt. states no chest pain, sob, . states prev inj/ to chest/ Hx of smoking .
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Palpitations
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with and
There are several small calcified granulomas. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. No evidence of active disease. -year-old male with , 786.2
This is a stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. Some blunting of the left costophrenic represent scarring or atelectasis. No large pneumothorax or effusion. There are no acute osseous abnormalities. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old woman with chest pain and dyspnea. Chest radiograph on .
Heart size is normal. Mild lung hyperexpansion. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No acute abnormality. . , abdominal pain,
Mild cardiomegaly. No overt edema. Lateral image is degraded by motion but there suggestion of minimal bibasilar airspace disease/atelectasis. No appreciable pleural effusion or pneumothorax. -year-old, syncope None available
There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . -year-old female involved in vehicle collision. , .
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of active disease. Preop evaluation
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung. No acute bony abnormality is identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. and chest pain
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain PA and lateral views of the chest on , .
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. Mild bibasilar opacities, atelectasis. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Stable degenerative change throughout the thoracic spine. Stable thoracolumbar retrolisthesis. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. year-old female with . PA and lateral chest x- dated .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Pain, seizure. None.
Normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No active/acute cardiopulmonary disease. Normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No active/acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The aorta is tortuous. The lungs are hypoinflated. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion seen. Old right-sided rib fracture is noted. 1. Low lung volumes without acute infiltrate. 2. Aortic tortuosity and mild ectasia. preop patient not of date stated pain radiates both left side worse on of both feet
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Abdominal pain. ,
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. , and shortness of breath
sternotomy appear intact. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. There is no focal lung opacity. Clips overlie the right upper quadrant. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with history of aortic stenosis, pulmonic stenosis. ICD 9 codes 746.3, 746.02. .
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Mild emphysematous changes are noted. Bilateral apical pleural scarring is present. Calcified granuloma is present within the right lower lobe. The are generally unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain. None.
There has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from . The cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged. Pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural thickening, suggesting mild pulmonary edema. There is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. There are no acute bony findings. Cardiomegaly which appears from with probable mild pulmonary edema. . , hypertension. , .
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Degenerative spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary nodules identified. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Clear lungs. Patient with suspected Colon Cancer at stage
Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Actinomyces Healing Wound
heart size normal. Lungs clear. Calcified 5 mm right midlung granuloma. dyspnea
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are endplate changes within the spine. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Chest 2 views. .
No change in the appearance of the left upper lobectomy. Left parahilar scar is unchanged. No infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size remains normal. Stable chest. No evidence for recurrence or metastasis. Pt is a female w/ , COPD, hx of and TB who presents w/ worsening SOB , .
Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. No acute bony abnormality. There are opacities, atelectasis versus airspace disease. No large effusion or pneumothorax. atelectasis/airspace disease. -year-old with syncope. None.
The lungs are clear. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. There are sclerotic lesions within the , better visualized on the comparison scan. There are several bilateral rib fractures with evidence of the callus formation. The appearance is similar to the prior chest radiograph. 1. Clear lungs. 2. Several bilateral healing rib fractures, pathologic fracture. -year-old female with multiple myeloma, bone marrow transplant workup chest x- and scan
The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax unremarkable. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain.
Heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Stable right upper lobe scarring with pleural thickening. No consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable chest. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain
CHEST. The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. There is flattening of the hemidiaphragms. ABDOMEN. There is a normal bowel pattern. There is an IVC identified. There are phleboliths in pelvis. There mild degenerative changes of the spine. CHEST. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. ABDOMEN. Normal bowel pattern. -year-old with loss and . history of abdominal cancer. AP chest dated .
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. A dense nodule in the right base suggest a previous granulomatous process. Heart size within normal limits, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. Low lung volumes with no definite acute findings. -year-old female, dyspnea
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Chest pain
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Chest pain for one . , .
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic on the frontal view. There is also mild obscuration of the right cardiac . Airspace disease in expected location of right middle lobe also noted on the lateral view to No pleural effusion. Left lung clear. Degenerative changes spine. No pneumothorax. Right middle lobe airspace disease, which could represent pneumonia in the appropriate clinical setting. and shortest breath for 2 weeks
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. Dilated aorta secondary to aortic dissection. . Preop exam with no comparison film there is a comparison CT scan
Right chest tip low SVC. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Prosthetic right humeral head. Prior lower cervical spine surgery. deformity at the thoracolumbar junction with an acute kyphosis. No acute pulmonary findings. and cardiomyopathy None.
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Nodular density projected over the left base with no lateral view correlate secondary to soft tissue overlay. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. No acute osseous injury demonstrated. No acute findings. Please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically indicated. -year-old female, pain, alleged physical assault
There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Soft tissues are within normal limits. There is stable enlargement of the heart. Calcific aorta. Stable bilateral calcified granulomas. The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with chest pain. Chest radiograph of .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Cervical cancer, preop
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old complaining of chest pain
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. Chest pain after coughing for 2 weeks.
Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour which is within normal limits. Bilateral interstitial prominence. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormalities. Mild cardiomegaly with interstitial prominence, could represent mild interstitial edema, atypical infection, or chronic interstitial changes. Back pain
The heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Low lung volumes. Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. Streaky right lower lobe infiltrate versus atelectasis. -year-old male with history of x1 and vomiting/hemoptysis for one . None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with dyspnea.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute findings. . Pain. None.
The mediastinal and hilar lymph are less prominent than previously. Heart size remains normal. Lungs are clear. Decreasing bilateral hilar adenopathy. Continued clear lungs. Sarcoidosis, CXR Chest CT in , .
There is an irregular opacity projecting over the left apex. Additionally there is a more inferior left upper lobe opacity measuring approximately 6 mm in diameter. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. Heart size is normal limits. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. Left upper lobe opacities, cannot exclude mass lesions. Recommend CT chest for further evaluation. -year-old male, . Cervical spine x- dated .
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Note of placement of a retention in the lower cervical spine. No active disease. , pre-op , .
No active disease. chest pain
Single view of chest was obtained in AP projection. Limited study secondary to body habitus. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. Lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute pulmonary disease.
There is stable prominence of the pulmonary interstitium. and fluid containing density seen adjacent to the heart is stable, most consistent with a moderate sized hiatal hernia. There is stable tortuosity and/or ectasia of the thoracic aorta, with calcification of the aortic . No pleural effusion, focal airspace disease or pneumothorax. Stable exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine, stable anterior wedge deformities of at 2 thoracic vertebral bodies at the apex of the kyphotic curvature. Diffuse osteopenia. 1. No acute pulmonary disease. 2. Stable moderate hiatal hernia. -year-old female with chest pain. , .
Lungs appear hyperinflated. This may be secondary to voluntary considering patient's age. Clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 786.2, 30yof with No comparison chest x-.
Consolidation and costophrenic blunting persists in both lower lobes. Heart and pulmonary remain normal. No infiltrates. Persistent bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural fluid. F with dyspnea and CHF exacerbation , .
No active disease. pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Hyperexpanded lungs, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. right upper lobe scarring/atelectasis. Aortic calcifications. Hyperexpanded lungs. right upper lobe scarring/atelectasis. No focal pneumonia. -year-old female. Shortness of breath. . None.
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old chest pain. , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Chest pain. , .
Lungs appear slightly hyperinflated, suggestive of emphysema. No acute airspace abnormality seen. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. , LOSS Comparison .
The heart size is within normal limits. Prominent right paratracheal soft tissues representing adenopathy. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. 1. Clear lungs. 2. Prominent right paratracheal opacities representing adenopathy. -year-old female with dyspnea CT chest
Moderate cardiomegaly. Mild bilateral costophrenic blunting and fissural thickening, interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. Dense right lower lobe nodule and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. 1. Cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, primary differential diagnosis atypical infection and inflammation -year-old male, pain
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. The right costophrenic sulcus is blunted. There is an the right base /fluid level. The left lung is clear. 1. Right-sided small pleural effusion. 2. Right base /fluid level. Atypical location for a hiatal hernia. Cannot exclude a right lower lobe cavity. Correlation scan recommended. Does not appear to be a hydropneumothorax or empyema. History of . Increasing right lower extremity pain. None.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are hyperexpanded. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Exaggerated kyphosis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Dyspnea. None.
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. Small focal retrocardiac lung opacity. Small left retrocardiac opacity, may represent minimal atelectasis or small focus of airspace disease. -year-old with Left-sided chest pain NONE
Heart size normal. Degenerative spurring of thoracic spine. Calcified right and left hilar lymph . There is minimal interstitial nodular opacities in the right and left midlung. This could be consistent with sarcoidosis. The small nodular opacities were present on the old CT scan from History of sarcoidosis of the skin
Cardiac silhouette within normal limits. Central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. No edema or focal consolidation in the lungs. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. DYSPNEA/
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Tracheostomy tip approximately 5 cm above the carina. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, history of head and neck cancer Chest x- ,
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute bony or soft tissue abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old female with . Chest .
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. There is a mild anterior wedge deformity of L1, age-indeterminate. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Age indeterminant grade 1 anterior wedge deformity of L1. None.
Heart size and pulmonary vasculature are normal. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax large effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with chest pain and sternum pain. . None.
Comparison , . Anticipated senescent changes. No acute airspace disease or CHF. Stable mediastinal contour. No acute abnormalities since the previous examination.. weakness loss
Postsurgical changes of the right chest. Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. Clear lungs. chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. Lungs are otherwise grossly clear of focal airspace disease. There is a stable calcified granuloma in the posterior left midlung. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. Mildly low lung volumes with atelectasis or scarring in the lung bases. to inside of cheek, shortness of breath. , .
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No focal infiltrate.
Heart size is normal. Slightly tortuous aorta. Calcified right hilar lymph . No adenopathy or fibrosis. History of sarcoidosis.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Interval placement of right humeral prosthesis, incompletely evaluated. Incompletely evaluated the lumbar spine fusion . cholecystectomy. Interval placement of right humeral orthopedic , incompletely evaluated. If attention is desired to this area, consider dedicated shoulder x-. -year-old female. Soft tissue sarcoma, left leg. Recent right shoulder repair. , .
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute findings -year-old male, pain
Heart size is normal. Prior calcified granulomatous disease. On the lateral view in the anterior costophrenic , there is a 2.1 x 2 cm nodular density which seems to be present previously but is more nodular in appearance on this examination. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Endplate degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine and mild scoliosis are unchanged. 2.1 cm nodular density in the anterior costophrenic on the lateral view, which could represent overlapping shadows or actual pulmonary nodule. Recommend followup with chest CT. -year-old female, . Screening exam. Gynoid 19,
Lungs are clear. No focal infiltrate or effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. There are significant degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old with and congestion. PA and lateral chest .
sternotomy remain in . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old male with dyspnea. Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated .
Moderate-to-marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, mediastinal contours appear similar to prior. Mild bilateral posterior sulcus blunting, interstitial and alveolar opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. 1. Cardiomegaly and small bilateral pleural effusions 2. Abnormal pulmonary opacities most suggestive of pulmonary edema, primary differential diagnosis includes infection and aspiration, clinical correlation recommended -year-old male, short of breath
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is mild midthoracic dextroscoliosis, with the otherwise grossly intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with chest pain, tachycardia None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with chest pain and shortness of breath.. None.
1. Tracheostomy tube in satisfactory position with tip in the mid intrathoracic trachea. 2. Ill-defined 2.5 cm x 1.9 cm irregular density in the left lower lung, lower lobe. This is superimposed on a background of probable emphysematous lung. Although this could be scar, concern is for nodule, and further evaluation chest is recommended. A message was left with doctor ' service at 142 pm /11. 3. Mild bilateral costophrenic blunting due to small bilateral pleural effusions versus due to the degree of lung hyperinflation. 4. Osteopenia. Minimal loss of of an upper thoracic vertebra. 5. Irregular 1.8 cm density projecting over the left posterior rib 8 callus with similar less severe changes involving the two subjacent ribs posteriorly. 6. Heart size normal. failure status post ventilator. None available
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Shortness of breath, throat pain None.
Mild cardiomegaly. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Costophrenic are . There is increased kyphotic curvature of the thoracic spine. Within the heart , there is a small area of oval-shaped density measuring 2.2 x 1.6 cm without correction for magnification. There is a calcified lymph node in the right hilum. No pneumothorax. Lingular nodule measuring 2.2 x 1.6 cm. Recommend to further evaluate. The above findings and recommendations were discussed with at p.m. , telephone. -year-old female with chest pain None.
Surgical clips within the right upper quadrant. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain Chest 2 views PA and lateral , a.m.
No focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There are prominent lateral osteophytes along the right aspect of the mid thoracic spine which are stable. No free subdiaphragmatic air. No acute pulmonary disease. -year-old male with chest pain. ,
The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. foreign body in the posterior soft tissues appear stable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with shortness of breath. ,
Borderline cardiomegaly, at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Right upper lobe calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Low lung volumes, otherwise clear. -year-old female. Chest pain for couple days. , .
Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with . .
There is redemonstration of an AICD in the left chest wall with intact stable placement. There are multiple intact sternotomy . There is persistent enlargement of cardiac silhouette. Mediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. Redemonstration of degenerative change in the thoracic spine. 1. Stable cardiomegaly without infiltrates. -year-old male with history of pneumonia and CHF, followup bilateral pneumonia 4 weeks ago, shortness of breath and productive . PA and lateral chest x- dated .
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with .
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. There is calcified mediastinal lymph . Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute pulmonary disease. Positive PPD. . ,
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with chest pain. None.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. sob , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size in appearance and stable from . The lungs are clear. Soft tissues and bony structures are unremarkable. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable examination of the chest. Elevated blood pressure and thoracic pain
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. Lungs otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain
Heart size is normal. Small bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left. Probable interstitial edema, less fibrosis. heart failure. Myopericarditis.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female, Chest x- ,
No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Osseous structures are grossly intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old complaining of left-sided chest pain for one month. None.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest rule out pneumonia
Mild cardiomegaly. Low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Mild cardiomegaly without heart failure. -year-old female. Chest pain. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. and wheezing
The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. No active disease. and asthma shortness of breath.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size. mild streaky opacities in the left base, atelectasis versus infiltrate. No definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old female, chest pain
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old complaining of , , history of asthma. Chest pain.
Stable appearing hyperinflated chest. Postop changes mediastinum as before. No suspicious appearing lung nodules or acute airspace disease. No acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. Esoph cancer Comparison , .
Heart size normal. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. No bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with , , and . None available.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Syncope
Small patchy left lower lobe opacity, primary differential considerations include atelectasis, infiltrate, aspiration, clinical correlation recommended. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits for technique, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old female, chest pain
Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms, consistent with emphysema. There is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions. No pneumothorax or effusions. Mild bilateral costophrenic blunting represents pleural thickening and scarring. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Emphysematous changes with streaky opacities in the left perihilar and lingular regions, focal atelectasis and scarring. -year-old male with worsening dyspnea over 2 months. None available.
PA and lateral views were obtained. Again, a chronic increased pulmonary markings are seen without change. No acute airspace process. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. Weakness
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain. None.
The heart is large. In the interval, pulmonary venous engorgement has developed. Also, bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present. Developing heart failure with pulmonary venous engorgement and bibasilar pulmonary interstitial edema. Chest pain. , .
Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No of pleural effusions. No of metastasis. No of active cardiopulmonary disease. PRE-OP pre op bladder . non . no chest complaints. None.
Nasogastric tube tip within the stomach body, stable. Low lung volumes. Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. Stable obscuration of lateral left diaphragm. Stable subsegmental bibasilar atelectasis. Cardiomegaly without heart failure. -year-old female. Increasing oxygen requirement. , .
Heart size normal. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. A bullet is noted in the soft tissues of the inferior right chest wall. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with chest pain. None.
Normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. No of pleural effusions. No infiltrates. Moderate scoliosis in the thoracolumbar spine. Normal X- of chest. Tobacco abuse. for 3-4 weeks and also , 10 . None.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a small stable foreign body noted over the left chest. There are vascular calcifications over the aortic . There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with shortness of breath. History of bladder cancer. . Two views of the chest dated .
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest left chest wall pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. A calcified granuloma is identified in the peripheral aspect of the left lower lobe. Calcified lymph are identified in left hilar region. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine. 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old male with a history of altered mental status. Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated at .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. There is mild eventration of right hemidiaphragm. No pleural effusion is seen. No acute disease. Chest pain
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with chest pain. None available.
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Surgical clips overlying the left breast soft tissues. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with chest pain. None available.
There is mild cardiomegaly. Aorta is heavily calcified and tortuous, consistent with atherosclerotic disease. There are diffuse increased interstitial opacities identified. This may be secondary to edema, or alternatively atypical infection. No large effusion or visualized pneumothorax. Osteopenia of the spine is identified. 1. Cardiomegaly with diffuse interstitial opacities. Findings may be secondary to pulmonary edema. Atypical infection is another consideration. year old with diarrhea and lethargy. None.
Calcified granulomas are present. There is an area of focal density overlying the right first rib and medial clavicle. This is approximately 1.2 cm in diameter. It may be secondary to overlapping structures. Lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is normal. Calcifications of the aortic are seen. The skeletal structures are unremarkable. There has been a left mastectomy. 1. Focal density overlying the right first rib and medial right clavicle. This could be bony in origin but an underlying pulmonary lesion cannot be excluded. No prior images are currently available for comparison. If outside images are available comparison is recommended. Otherwise scan of the chest. History of breast cancer with mastectomy. COPD.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma within the left midlung. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old for preop evaluation for rectal/anus surgery. . Two views of the chest dated .
Exam quality limited by hypoinflation and rotation. Considering technical factors heart size mildly enlarged, aortic calcifications and ectasia/tortuosity, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old female, hypoxia,
Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No of pleural effusions. No of active cardiopulmonary disease. Unchanged. CP/COPD no known . mid- chest pain with inspiration X 3 weeks ago. pt states "pain for a few days not and on". no prev. inj/. nonsmoker. no of pregnancy, shielded. .
There are low lung volumes. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain for Chest radiographs from , .
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old no known , left anterior chest pain. . None.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. No acute pulmonary findings. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. Preop hernia repair. None.
Apparent cardiomegaly at partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Relative elevation right hemidiaphragm. Streaky left retrocardiac densities. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Surgical clips near the gastroesophageal junction. Negative for acute bone abnormality. 1. Cardiomegaly without heart failure. 2. Low lung findings. Left retrocardiac opacities, subsegmental atelectasis. -year-old male. Left shoulder pain. Hypertension. None.
The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease Bronchiectasis
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Multiple punctate round over the abdomen on the lateral view. These may reside within, or outside of the patient. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old chest pain and . None.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Granulomatous calcifications and mediastinum. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings. Preop None.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. with h/o dyspnea , .
Cardiomegaly. Prominent are stable. Low lung volumes. No pneumothorax. Minimal right costophrenic blunting. No focal infiltrates. Cardiomegaly with right pleural effusion. Difficulty breathing, chest pain, for 3 days. .
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The aorta is unfolded. There is left base streaky opacity due to scarring or discoid atelectasis. There is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. There are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus, posterior right 9th rib and the anterior T10 vertebral body. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. 1. indeterminant small nodular opacities. May be granulomas or bone islands. However, is recommended given the history of malignancy. 2. Otherwise no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified. Abscess. Post left mastectomy. , .
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. Calcified aortic . History of dyspnea
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. Arthritic changes are seen throughout the spine and both . No active disease. Preop for hip surgery. , .
The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are calcified mediastinal lymph , with a calcified right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. The lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. There are degenerative changes of the first costochondral joints bilaterally. No acute bony abnormalities are seen. 1. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Stable appearance of the chest. 2. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease and degenerative changes of the costochondral junctions. -year-old male with left upper quadrant pain, chest pain. PA and lateral chest radiograph, .
There is a subtle left medial base opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and are normal. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. Subtle medial left basilar opacity could represent early pneumonia.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. year old male with history of productive . PA and lateral chest x- dated .
Right chest central venous line is noted with tip in the mid SVC. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No acute focal airspace opacification. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . -year-old female with
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified left upper lobe 5 mm peripheral granuloma. No edema or effusions. No pneumonia dyspnea.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. The lung volumes are low. There is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases, subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. Low lung volume study with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. Stable chest. -year-old with a . Two-view chest .
Comparison , . Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. dizzyness and migranes, pt states she always has a . nonsmoker, no heart or lung conditions.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There is a 9 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule, not seen on prior exams. There are posttraumatic deformities of the right posterior ribs. No focal airspace consolidation or effusion. No pneumothorax. 1. Right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. for better characterization. 2. No acute pulmonary process. ECF placement Chest x-
Within the right lower lobes there are airspace opacities representing consolidation and atelectasis with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. No acute osseous abnormality. Right lower lobe airspace disease with bilateral pleural effusions. -year-old male, dyspnea. .
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. Preop None.
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormality is identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Dizziness None.
Heart size within normal limits. Prominent interstitial and nodular opacities are increased since comparison exam. There is a 1 cm nodular opacity in the right costophrenic , increased since comparison examination. A cystic lesion in the right upper lobe appears similar to prior examination. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Findings of cystic fibrosis with increased interstitial and nodular opacities, representing acute exacerbation on chronic changes of cystic fibrosis. . -year-old , followup bronchiectasis. History of cystic fibrosis. Portable chest x- , . PA and lateral chest x- , .
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Productive for one . None.
Heart size at the upper limits of normal. There are scattered calcified granulomas. No focal airspace consolidation, large effusion, or appreciable pneumothorax. Tortuous, unfolded to descending aorta. Calcified aortic . curvature of the thoracic spine. Exaggerated kyphosis. are diffusely osteopenic. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with minimal anterior loss of several vertebral bodies. Chronic changes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old, preop carotid endarterectomy. AP chest /, report only. Image not currently available.
Overall low lung volumes. Lungs are grossly clear. Pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest. This appears relatively stable compared to the prior examination. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. Degenerative changes in the spine. 1. Cardiomegaly. 2. Pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest wall stable since the prior examination. SOB
Negative for cardiac enlargement or vascular congestion. Minimal subsegmental atelectasis at the left base otherwise negative for focal confluent airspace disease. The visualized bony structures are intact. There are minimal degenerative disc changes of the mid/lower thoracic spine. No pneumothorax. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary process. This is a -year-old woman with midsternal chest pain.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal. There is some tortuosity of the aorta. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine Clear lungs. AML. BMT workup. None.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Emphysematous changes are present. The lungs are free of active disease. Deformed right ribs. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute findings. Chest pain. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. The study is somewhat limited. No focal consolidation is seen. No acute disease. pt has iv''s in , unable to remove gown or
Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. Emphysema. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. No pulmonary nodules identified. -year-old male status post left chest nodule
Lungs remain hyperexpanded. No change in the right middle lobe opacification. No infiltrates or masses. Pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally. change COPD. Chronic right middle lobe scar and atelectasis. Pulmonary arterial hypertension. Dyspnea. , .
Normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Elevated left hemidiaphragm with scarring at the left costophrenic . There is a bullet fragment overlying the left T7 vertebra. Retained bullet fragments noted within the left upper and lower lobes. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. No evidence of active cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Posttraumatic changes compatible with prior gunshot wound. dyspnea None.
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Chest pain, shortness of breath, , dizziness. None.
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. for one month bloody sputum for 3 days. None.
Bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. Bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. These findings are concerning for pneumonia. -year-old female with chest pain and . Chest x- on
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with chest pain and shortness of breath. Chest radiograph .
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Chronic smoking and prior asbestos exposure.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is slight elevation of left hemidiaphragm with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. No acute disease. ; none
The heart size is upper limits of normal. Aorta is tortuous. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. Upper limits of normal in size heart and mild tortuosity of the aortic . No acute pulmonary process. -year-old with the dyspnea. None.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female . None available.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . The patient is a -year-old female with dyspnea. None available.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. ,
The cardiac contours are normal. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Lower cervical degenerative arthritis. No acute findings. Chest pain None.
There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Normal heart size. Calcific aorta. Normal vascular markings. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old woman, followed right middle lobe and right lower lobe pneumonia. None available.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest and hemoptysis
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Clear lungs besides scattered calcified granulomas. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary process. . bleed. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Right chest is visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. LYMPHOMA BMT W/U LAB;
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Small pleural effusion is identified. Small bilateral pleural effusions.
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. No evidence of active disease. -year-old female with history of tobacco use
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Old right-sided rib deformities are noted. No acute disease. Homeless male, positive PPD
13 - 14 mm ring-shaped opacity with central lucency, seen with certainty on PA view only, projects over right midlung. Uncertain if this represent something within the lung or external to the patient. There is also a 5 mm nodular opacity projecting over the left upper lung at the level of AP . These findings could be further evaluated if clinically indicated. No acute airspace disease. Mediastinal contour normal limits. No effusions. , loss No comparison chest x-.
The Cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. The Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. year-old with chest pain and right arm numbness. None.
The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculaturity is increased. There is large right-sided pleural effusion and probable underlying associated compressive atelectasis. Mild perihilar opacities, edema. No pneumothorax is seen. 1. Cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion with perihilar opacities, possibly edema. 2. Large right pleural effusion. PLEURAL EFFUSIONS;
Stable calcified superior mediastinal lymph . Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Bronchitis, hemoptysis Chest 2 views PA and lateral , p.m.
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease ,466.0 acute bronchitis cxr
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with mild cardiomegaly. There is relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm consistent with history of right lower lobectomy, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. Irregularity of the right fifth and sixth ribs stable since at and postsurgical/post traumatic in . Left shoulder rotator bone anchor noted. No acute osseous abnormality identified. Surgical changes of the right hemithorax and mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. . -year-old woman with hypertension, shortness of breath, pain. History of right lower lobectomy. and two-view chest radiograph dated , .
Right lower lobe infiltrate. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. There has been interval placement of a left chest , with its distal tip in the Left sided SVC 1. Right lower lobe infiltrate, suggestive of pneumonia The patient is a -year-old male, with lung transplant. , CT chest
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. . Headache and lightheadedness. Chills. The patient's lower abdomen was shielded for this exam. , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal air is prominent consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with a mild wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. This is age-indeterminate. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Mild, age-indeterminate wedge deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. -year-old female presents for renal pretransplant evaluation. None available.
There is minimal scarring within the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . SEASONAL ASTHMA, RECENT PNEUMONIA; Chest 2 views. .
Stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. Interval development of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe, concerning for underlying pneumonia. Stable mild background chronic interstitial changes. No evidence of associated pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Multilevel midthoracic degenerative changes, with prominent anterolateral marginal osteophytes. 1. Suspected mild patchy right upper lobe pneumonia, for which clinical correlation is recommended. -year-old male with shortness of breath. .
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. There is evidence of granulomatous disease. 1. Clear lungs. -year-old male with history of EtOH abuse with . None available
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is mild prominence of the interstitial markings which are unchanged. 1. No evidence of acute disease. , congestion and sore throat.
Heart size is normal in the lungs are clear. and hemoptysis and on for 2 months None.
There is mild to moderate cardiomegaly. Tortuous and ectatic appearing aorta. No overt edema. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Syncope.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. No evidence of active disease. Syncope
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. No acute pulmonary disease. Chest pain.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. Again demonstrated are biapical bullous emphysematous changes. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Mild multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Stable bullous emphysematous changes. -year-old female with . Chest x- .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. Chest pain and shortness of breath for a few weeks. None.
Chest. Both lungs clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Ankle. Soft tissue is present around the malleoli. intact. Mortise radiographically stable. 1. Chest. No active disease. No evidence for cardiopulmonary injury. 2. Left ankle. Soft tissue edema with no visible bony injury. Chest and ankle pain after .
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Mild degenerative changes at the lower thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old with chest pain. None.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild cardiomegaly. Passed out, None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with . None.
1. 1.9 left midlung nodule without benign calcification. CT of the chest is recommended to further evaluate for possible malignancy. 2. Heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear within normal limits. Normal vascularity. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Critical results discussed . at the time of interpretation, , hours telephone. -year-old with , vomiting ,
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Minimal scarring or atelectasis left lung base. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain
The pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not definitely seen. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax. There is a right chest with tip projecting over the lower SVC. Interval decrease in size of numerous pulmonary nodules and masses. No nodules or masses are definitely seen on radiograph. . Metastatic breast cancer, Chest 2 views. .
change. No active cardiopulmonary disease. Thoracolumbar scoliosis. XXXXyo AAM with and history of asthma with for six weeks, immunosuppre , . A thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis is present. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart size normal.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. , .
Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Trachea is midline. Normal chest exam. -year-old chest pain. None available.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Chest pain. , .
No interval change is found in the bony thorax. The heart size remains normal with an ectatic tortuous aorta. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Lungs are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. The fullness to the right hilum is again noted but this is unchanged suggesting no progression of the retrohilar nodule on the CT scan. No pulmonary nodule is found. Stable chest radiograph with no acute or progressive abnormality. There is no suggestion of enlargement of the known right retrohilar pulmonary nodule or pulmonary nodularity. Followup of pulmonary nodule. and a chest CT scan from .
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Short of breath, and wheezing. Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral , .
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. Negative chest x-. Routine Exam. None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with back pain. Right-sided chest pain.. None.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The patient is a -year-old male with kidney transplant evaluation. None.
There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old with ALL for a bone marrow transplant workup. , .
Heart size near top normal limits, mild aortic ectasia size tortuosity. Mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the lingula suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old male, preop for forearm fracture
Normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax, pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. No focal lung consolidation. Stable mild interstitial prominence and bilateral lung bases. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Stable mild interstitial prominence. Chest pain
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of active disease.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with onset chest pain.. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal . Mild lung hyperexpansion, otherwise clear. -year-old female. Dyspnea. None.
Lungs are hyperexpanded. No infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size normal. change COPD. No acute findings. in a long , .
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. The there is a diffuse reticulonodular pattern the lungs bilaterally. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Negative for pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable Diffuse reticulonodular pattern bilaterally. The this may represent heart failure, opportunistic infection, or idiopathic interstitial pneumonitis. of chest for further characterization. -year-old female with edema and dyspnea.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute process. Hypercalcemia ,
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . The patient is a -year-old with chest pain and shortness of breath for one . None available.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph unchanged. Old fracture deformity of approximately T6. History of adenopathy in the
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Dyspnea PA and lateral views of the chest on , .
Suboptimal inspiration with mild bibasilar hypoventilation and some subsegmental atelectasis within right middle lobe. otherwise clear lungs with no acute airspace disease seen. No effusions. Stable and unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. 786.2, 53XXXX with x 6 months Comparison , .
Hyperexpanded lungs. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Multiple surgical clips overlie the midabdomen. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with
There are low lung volumes. The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No nodules or adenopathy is identified. No evidence of active disease. Testicular carcinoma. .
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain and shortness of breath. None.
Heart size is normal lungs are clear. No edema or effusions. Heart size is normal lungs are clear. No edema or effusions. chest pain and nausea. None.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. and flu-like symptoms. pt states she feels like a stabbing pain in back on the left side. x3 years. no hx of heart or lung conditions. , .
Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Clear lungs. Bone marrow transplant , . None.
There is a left IJ tunneled for catheter tip near the caval atrial junction. The heart size is normal. Mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. No edema. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pulmonary mass seen. To infection and . Left-sided throat pain. Recently diagnosed with breast cancer. , chest
Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Aorta is mildly tortuous. Lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes in the spine. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with chest pain and dyspnea. PA single view chest radiograph .
Heart size normal. Lungs clear hypoxia
Lung volumes are low. In the interval, a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right lower lobe. Heart and pulmonary are normal. . patchy right lower lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia. dyspnea , .
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusion. Mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female chest pain. Two-view chest from .
There is cardiomegaly. Lateral view somewhat limited however small bilateral pleural effusions suspected. There is central vascular congestion. Evaluate for effusion .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Granulomatous sequela are noted. The lungs are otherwise clear. No acute disease. Shortness of breath
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable calcified granuloma in the left midlung. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. and shortness of breath for 5 to 7 . , chills, bodyaches. Chest x- dated
Evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patient's arm on the lateral view. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. are chronic, coarse interstitial lung markings. Peripheral opacity along the right mid lung reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening. Otherwise negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Hyperlucent lungs with apical . Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the to be grossly intact. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Emphysema. Chest pain CT chest dated , chest 2 views dated .
There is stable cavity in the right apex, related to prior tuberculosis infection. There is increased opacity in the left upper lobe, peripherally. There is pulmonary hyperexpansion. There is no large effusion or pneumothorax. Right upper lobe cavity, consistent with prior tuberculous infection. There is increased right upper lobe opacities compared to the prior study. This could represent reactivation of tuberculosis or other infection. Shortness of breath
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum unremarkable. No change in the mediastinal surgical clips. No active disease. for 6 weeks. , .
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The heart is normal in size. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute disease. dyspnea
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Aortic calcifications and tortuosity. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Right-sided chest pain after
No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Stable left subclavian chest catheter tip in mid SVC. Lungs are well expanded. Calcified granuloma posteriorly in the medial right lower lobe. Postsurgical changes of anterior lower cervical spine fusion. Thoracic spine demonstrates mild degenerative changes with some mild loss of T4 and T7 vertebral bodies. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality -year-old male, preop evaluation. History of tobacco use. Chest radiograph .
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Hyperexpanded lungs. Calcified right upper lobe granuloma, unchanged. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No displaced rib fractures. 1. Hyperexpansion without acute pulmonary abnormality. in bathtub Chest x-
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with .. None.
Prominent interstitial markings in the lungs are unchanged. No focal infiltrates. Heart and pulmonary are normal. Chronic interstitial lung disease and scars unchanged. No acute disease. pt with left sided chest pain, nonradiating. Pt with smoking histo in , .
There is an endotracheal tube at the level of the carina, recommend retraction. Heart size is normal. The mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. shrapnel is overlying the right lower lobe. There is a round bullet overlying the T10 vertebral body. density is seen within the right lower lobe representing hemorrhage. There is a right-sided pneumothorax with 10 mm in maximal thickness. There is right axillary subcutaneous emphysema. Probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. The osseous structures are otherwise normal. 1. Moderate right-sided hemopneumothorax as detailed above. 2. Probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. 3. Endotracheal tube at the level of the carina, recommend retraction. Female with history of one, gunshot wound to chest. None.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Findings suggestive of emphysema. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Syncope with collapse, , pain
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with onset dyspnea. Single view chest at .
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. No infiltrates or atelectasis. Gallbladder clips. asthma worsening
Persistent 8mm pneumothorax with small amount of pleural effusion. Heart size normal. Enteric tube tip in the stomach. Midline abdominal clips. in the right upper quadrant. Bullet overlies L3. followup pneumothorax yesterday
There is stable cardiomegaly. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Atherosclerotic calcifications are present within the thoracic aorta. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Chronic degenerative changes are present in the thoracic spine. 1. Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with shortness of breath Chest radiograph ,
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. Both clavicles appear within normal limits on this limited radiographic evaluation. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old male with 's disease. Chronic fatigue syndrome. Central chest pain. Two views of the chest dated .
Heart size is within normal limits. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with chest pain. None available.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show reduced lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis. No definite focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette appears mildly enlarged. Mild cardiomegaly. Basilar atelectasis. Chest pain. , .
Rounded 1.4 cm projecting retrosternally on lateral view only. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Negative for pneumoperitoneum. 1. Negative acute bone abnormality. 2. Indeterminate 1.4 cm opacity seen only on lateral view is of unknown clinical significance, and may be located in or on the patient. Clinical correlation, with possible followup chest x- recommended if clinically appropriate. Dr. was notified of the indeterminate rounded opacity at hours on and acknowledged receipt of the study finding. -year-old female with chest pain Chest x-,
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Negative chest.
Lungs are clear bilaterally.There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain Chest 2 views PA and lateral , p.m.
This study is limited by the patient body habitus. Lungs appear to be clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. Limited study but no evidence for acute pulmonary disease. Hypoxemia
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old mid to lower back pain since . None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female, preop cholecystectomy, , history of sarcoidosis.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
The heart is normal in size. There is right paratracheal density concerning for lymphadenopathy. There are patchy right upper lobe streaky opacities. The remainder of the lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. Patchy opacities in right upper lobe, concerning for pneumonia, given history. Right paratracheal density possibly reactive lymphadenopathy. Followup evaluation to resolution is recommended. ,
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Left shoulder arthroplasty is noted. Old left rib fractures. No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Bradycardia and syncope. None.
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. The are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Chest pain dyspnea on exertion ,
The heart size is within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is tortuous, stable from the prior radiograph. Aortic stent graft overlies the descending thoracic aorta and upper abdominal aorta, grossly stable from the prior chest radiograph. There are scattered calcified granulomas. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The left hemidiaphragm remains mildly elevated. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. No acute findings. -year-old male with history of femoral artery aneurysm, preoperative evaluation.
Mild cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear. Calcified hilar . No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Soft tissues and showed unremarkable. No evidence of active tuberculosis. Evaluate for tuberculosis
Comparison , . Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest. ,786.50 chest pain cxr
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Chest pain, upper stomach pain. None.
Normal cardiac contours. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. Clear lung bilaterally. No intervertebral disc narrowing or loss of vertebral body . 1. No acute bony abnormalities. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with rib and back pain. None.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Dyspnea No comparisons are available
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with chest pain. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
Normal heart size. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. No focal bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old female with asthma and dyspnea. None.
There are sternotomy and mediastinal surgical clips secondary to a CABG procedure. Small T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are cholecystectomy clips. There is eventration of right hemidiaphragm. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain , .
Heart size normal. Tortuous aorta. Sequela primary granulomatous disease. Lungs clear. Minimal spurring in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old chest pain. , .
There is a rounded dense opacity in the lateral left midlung zone probably the left upper lobe most suggestive of a rounded pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. Opacity representing left upper lobe pneumonia. Recommend followup radiographically until cleared to ensure that there is no underlying mass. Pain and difficulty breathing.
No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Surgical clips overlying the right upper quadrant. Anterior cervical fusion . Tortuous and ectatic aorta. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old woman with hemoptysis None available.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. loss, 783.21. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old male with chest pain.. None.
Decrease ill-defined mixed lucent and opaque area in the right lateral lung base with small remaining and minimal associated right lateral costophrenic blunting. No pulmonary consolidation. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable. The left costophrenic is clear. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in and alignment . CT ratio 12/33 shortness of breath for 3 days. Productive . Yellowish bloody sputum. . blood clot in right lung. 10 11 10
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. closure device demonstrated projecting over the right heart. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Post closure. None.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest None.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The superior thoracic spine is again noted, unchanged from prior. Lucent pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged from prior examinations. No evidence of pneumothorax. No focal airspace disease or pleural effusion. Vague density in the medial right lung apex most representing overlying shadows of bony structures, which is stable. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Emphysema and chronic bony abnormalities are unchanged from prior exams. . The patient is a -year-old woman with and vomiting. Chest x-, 2 views PA and lateral from .
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Minimal thoracic spondylosis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with shortness of breath x 2 days
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. , wheezing. None.
The heart size is upper limits of normal. The pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with preop evaluation for bariatric surgery. None.
Heart size and vascularity normal. External contour normal. Lungs clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Allergic rhinitis, sinus drainage and sore throat None.
The lungs appear clear. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base and calcified right hilar lymph . This was seen well on prior . There are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. Heart and pulmonary appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence of metastatic disease to the lungs. Patient with synovial sarcoma status post resection None ; dated
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal . Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. . , .
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female with dizziness. PA and lateral chest x- dated a.
Borderline heart size. Tortuous calcified aorta. No active pulmonary disease. Mild spondylosis. No acute process. Preop , hip surgery ,
Heart and mediastinal contour normal. Pulmonary vascularity normal. Lungs clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Normal chest. Throat and lung pain with breathing None.
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious bony opacities. Heart size slightly enlarged. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Mild cardiomegaly, stable. -year-old female, abdominal pain. PA and lateral views of the chest dated .
The postoperative cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and upper limits of normal in size. There are sternotomy and surgical clips compatible with prior CABG. There is at one left-sided coronary artery stent. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute findings. . Chest pain and shortness of breath. , .
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There is an obliquely oriented lucency through the posterior right 12th rib. Acute obliquely oriented lucency through the right 12th posterior rib, concerning for acute fracture. Recommend correlation with side of tenderness. No other fractures are identified. If there is high clinical concern, recommend further evaluation with dedicated views of the right ribs. year old kicked in the right lower side by a . None.
Low lung volumes. Question patchy opacity left base. No pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact. Small right effusion. 1. Patchy opacity left base, may represent evolving infiltrate. 2. Small right pleural effusion. . -year-old female, .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There are a few opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. No definitive pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Displaced fracture of the mid one-third of the right clavicle. 1. Previously identified small right pneumothorax is not visualized on today's exam. 2. Minimal bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease. Right-sided pneumothorax CT chest
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. No evidence of active disease. Melanoma
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. No definite pneumothorax. No displaced fracture. Small rounded radiopaque density within the posterior superficial subcutaneous fat represents projectile fragment.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Gunshot wound, one None available.
Both lungs remain clear and expanded. No focal parenchymal infiltrates or pleural air collections. Heart and aorta are normal. No change in the large hiatus hernia. Pelvis. Bone density is decreased. Hips are normal and symmetric. No fractures, dislocations, or bone destruction. Note of a severe rotatory dextroscoliosis in the lumbar spine. 1. Chest. No change no active cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence for cardiopulmonary injury. 2. Pelvis and hips negative for recent bony injury. Chest and hip from . chest x- ,
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There are calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old with chest pain. None.
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old male with rib pain, , left-sided bruising, evaluate for pneumothorax Chest
The tracheostomy tube is in stable position. Right subclavian catheter tip is in the lower SVC. The left upper extremity PICC tip is in the mid SVC. Surgical overlie the soft tissues of the neck. The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . -year-old, rule out neck abscess. , .
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. No fibrosis. No nodules or masses. Please to be followed up as per history followup None.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. , .
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old male, hypertension
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Medical , shortness of breath. None.
Minimal atelectasis, platelike in the right upper lobe. Heart size upper limits normal. Degenerative spurring of thoracic spine. History of .
The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 721.3
Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size for AP technique. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There are no acute bony findings. Mildly hypoinflated, grossly clear lungs. . , nausea, vomiting, chest pain. None.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Stable hyperinflation without focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Healed left rib fractures again noted. No acute findings -year-old female, pain and weakness
Right lung clear. Catheter tip in upper SVC. Heart size appears normal. Patient is a large left effusion extending up to the level of the aortic . The ordering physician was notified of this finding at the time of the exam and she is trying to arrange admission to for dyspnea evaluation. History of lung cancer shortness of breath and decreased breath sounds
Heart size is normal. Mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. Shortness of breath. None available
Heart size is upper limits of normal but stable. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. Chronically increased interstitial markings without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the spine. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Short of breath
Patchy airspace disease in the left lingula. No significant effusion. Clear right lung. Normal heart size. Granulomatous mediastinal calcifications. Right chest tip at SVC. Patchy airspace disease in the lingula without evidence of effusion. Pneumonia is in the differential. A followup exam in 4 to 6 weeks should be considered to ensure resolution of this process. Productive None.
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male with chest pain. None.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. Minimal blunting of the lateral sulci bilaterally reflects pleural thickening or scarring, no dependent pleural fluid posteriorly. Minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. No lobar consolidation. No pneumothorax. , neck pain, soreness ,
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male with chest pain. PA and lateral chest x- dated .
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old female, pre-syncope
Lungs are hyperexpanded. Bullae are present in the upper lobes. No focal infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size normal. COPD. No acute disease. sob with chest pain
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
The heart is significantly enlarged. Prominent pulmonary vascularity. No focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, or definite pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular congestion. No edema. Dyspnea None available
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal . The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal. No active disease. Fatigue and increasing shortness of breath. , .
Minimal left costophrenic airspace disease and/or pleural effusion. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. There is tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. Degenerative changes in the spine. Minimal left costophrenic airspace disease and/or pleural effusion. h/o dyspnea
Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Heart size within normal limits. Right hilar calcification suggests a previous granulomatous process. Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory . -year-old male, pain
Clear lungs. Heart and pulmonary appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Shortness of breath
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There is a small calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male with chest pain. None.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Hypertension. None.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. Negative chest x-. . None.
heart size normal. Lungs are clear. Bilateral nipple shadows. Right paratracheal calcifications due to old histoplasmosis. overlies the common bile duct. dyspnea
Mediastinum is stable. Retrocardiac lucency represents a large hiatal hernia, unchanged from prior. The lungs are clear, without focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Stable thoracic deformity. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. Multiple chronic changes as described above. . The patient is a -year-old woman with syncope. Chest x-, single view portable from at a.m.
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear. Significant degenerative changes of the are again noted bilaterally. No acute disease. ,
There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Preop. None available.
The trachea is midline. The heart size is normal. opacities are seen in the left lower lobe and left costodiaphragmatic , which could represent scarring or atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . The patient is a -year-old with chest pain, weakness, blurry vision. The patient has a history of cardiac bypass and stent placement. None available.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour and unchanged in comparison to prior exams. The lungs are clear with no evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. pre op and findings of DVT chest x-, 2 views from .
Normal heart size. No focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. No focal bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 46 are old female with dyspnea. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are mildly hyperlucent but clear. There is denser lumbar scoliosis. No acute disease. , 10lb unintentional loss
Scoliosis and focal eventration of the posterior left hemidiaphragm. No focal alveolar consolidation. Rotated position, considering technical factors heart size within normal limits. No definite pleural effusion seen, left bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. Exaggerated kyphosis with increased AP dimension of the thorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old female, syncope
The heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a moderate sized hiatal hernia. There mild degenerative changes of the spine. Cardiomegaly and hiatal hernia without an acute abnormality identified. -year-old with chest pain intermittently over the 3 months with dizziness. None.
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male complaining of pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Dyspnea None available
There are no acute osseous abnormalities. There are surgical clips in the right upper abdomen, from cholecystectomy. Normal heart size. Normal hilar vascular markings. The lungs are grossly clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. No evidence of active TB. with history of positive TB skin test. None.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Normal chest. Chest pain and symptoms
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. are grossly unremarkable. 1. Clear lungs. year-old female, preop with . None available
Postsurgical changes of sternotomy with screw fixation of anterior plates. Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. No focal consolidation, suspicious bony opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality. Interval postsurgical changes of sternotomy without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Followup on reported pneumonia ,
Mild left costophrenic blunting basilar pleural effusion, increased left suprahilar opacity, differential diagnosis includes increased volume loss, apical pleural fluid, tumor progression. Left hemithorax volume loss with leftward shift of the heart and mediastinum. right costophrenic , right lung free of focal consolidation. -year-old male, syncopal episode. Additional information obtained from electronic medical record. History of lung cancer.
There is a large masslike opacity in the right lung base which may represent a lung cancer. Additional evaluation advised. Right hilum appears prominent and may contain some enlarged lymph . Some calcified granulomas are seen with within the right lung. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No effusions. No comparison chest x-.
Diffuse bilateral coarse interstitial markings are unchanged. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Degenerative changes of the shoulder. Soft tissues are unremarkable.. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old male, lightheaded. Chest
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. Lungs are clear of focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax. There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic , without definite pleural effusion. 1. Clear lungs. 2. Mildly blunted right costophrenic without definite pleural effusion. chest pain, , history of acid reflux. None.
Heart size normal. Mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are stable and within normal limits. There is no focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. onset ,
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. Pre-op evaluation for cyst removal. .
Scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, represents calcified granulomas. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Stable calcified hilar and mediastinal lymph , decreased in size from prior exam. Heart size is normal. are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Malignant neoplasm, evaluate for metastases/recurrence Chest 2 views PA and lateral , p.m., CT chest with contrast , p.m.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. ALLOGENEIC BMT W/U LAB;
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No pleural air collections. Heart and mediastinum normal. A vague lucency is present in left rib 7 anteriorly. No active disease. No evidence for cardiopulmonary injuries. Possibility of left rib 7 anterior nondisplaced fracture as described. palpitation , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Difficulty breathing, chest pain. , .
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. Congestion for one worsening last 2 days. Nonproductive .
There is obscuration of the bilateral lung bases with lower lung volumes compared to prior examination. Stable atelectatic/fibrotic changes of the visualized lung, and stable left-sided calcified granuloma. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. Obscuration of the bilateral lung bases, combination of atelectasis, infiltrate, effusions. -year-old female with , pulmonary hypertension, dementia. Two view chest radiograph dated , .
Heart size moderately enlarged for technique, aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Vascular redistribution without typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. -year-old male, syncope,
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Normal chest. None.
The heart is mildly enlarged. Pulmonary vascularity is increased. There is again mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Air space disease and/or atelectasis is noted in right lung base. There is also streaky opacity in the left base. The costophrenic are blunted. 1. Cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. 2. Eventration of right hemidiaphragm with basilar atelectasis. pt with and difficulty
Left lung clear. Heart size normal. No change right upper lobe volume loss and fibrosis. No change right upper lobe cavitation. followup pneumonia
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Positive TB skin test. None.
Normal cardiac contours. Clear lung bilaterally. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with chest pain. CT C-spine on .
There is patchy opacity in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis. There is a curvilinear lucency that appears to be in the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present. There is a small left pleural effusion. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. 1. Question small amount of free intraperitoneal air on the right. This is to be postprocedural due to the recent abdominal surgery. 2. Left basilar airspace opacity atelectasis versus pneumonitis. evaluate for pneumonia retroperitoneal mass CT of the abdomen and pelvis
Stable mild thoracic levoscoliosis. Stable cardiomegaly. Multiple scattered round calcific densities represent old granulomatous disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No focal consolidation. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Stable cardiomegaly with no focal airspace disease. -year-old female with asthma flare. Chest x- and lateral from .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male, pain. PA and lateral chest radiographs .
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. No evidence of active disease. -year-old female with chest pain
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Specifically, no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis. -year-old female with positive PPD. None available.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Scoliosis and degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. No evidence of active disease. . None.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. Kidney transplant evaluation. None.
Right paratracheal stripe is denser and than normal. The are normal. Heart size normal. Lungs clear and expanded with no infiltrates. Right paratracheal mass, possibly lymphadenopathy. If there are no previous chest x- from elsewhere are scan with contrast be of further . Dr. I discussed these findings in the Department approximately hours , . Chest pain. None.
Heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. Moderate severe hyperexpansion of the lungs and decreased peripheral vascular markings, consistent with emphysema. Stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. Scattered granulomas. No abnormal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. 1. Stable emphysematous changes. 2. Stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. -year-old male, dyspnea Chest radiograph 2 views ,
Heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. Stable calcification of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. There is no focal air space opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is demonstrated. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Dyspnea, and shortness of breath
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Multiple abscesses, polysubstance abuse, tachycardia. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. Costophrenic are blunted, corresponding to small bilateral pleural effusions. There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Low lung volumes with blunted costophrenic , bilateral pleural effusions. Pre-, depression
Postsurgical changes are noted in the mediastinum. There is tortuosity and/or ectasia of the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. No consolidative airspace opacities. Blunting of the lateral and posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleural-parenchymal scarring. No demonstrable pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. Multilevel anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine. 1. Small left basilar parenchymal scarring and/or effusion. 2. Postsurgical changes of the mediastinum. 3. Otherwise unremarkable chest radiograph. year-old male with esophageal dyskinesia. Esophageal surgery performed 3 weeks ago. AP chest on , .
Moderate enlargement of the heart . This shows significant interval increase in size from the remote comparison. cardiomegaly or pericardial fluid could have this appearance. Minimal patchy infiltrate/atelectasis in medial right base and lingular scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Dyspnea, leg , cellulitis. ,
Heart size and vascularity normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. Mediastinal contour normal. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Hyperexpanded lungs, suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. No acute pulmonary process. , None.
Heart size normal. Slightly tortuous aorta, unchanged. Lungs are clear. No nodules or masses. No pneumonia. History of
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size and contour. There is a -A- terminating at the caval atrial junction, without evidence of pneumothorax. There is no focal airspace disease. There are small calcified nodules in the superior segment of the right lower lobe, old granulomatous infection. There are no acute bony findings. No acute findings. . , acute mental status changes. None.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are calcified mediastinal lymph . There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. No acute pulmonary disease. Possible syncopal episode ,
Negative for cardiac enlargement. Negative for vascular congestion. Negative for focal confluent airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax. A few scattered calcified granulomas are identified. No acute cardiothoracic abnormality. This is a -year-old with diarrhea and abdominal pain with history of smoking.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild dextro curvature of the lower thoracic spine, this may be positional. Visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, preop Chest CT ,
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. scarring is noted in the lingula. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. x 2 ; skin cancer
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No focal consolidation. There is right lower lobe scarring. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Granulomas present. No acute bony abnormalities. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 2. No acute bony abnormalities. . , left rib pain, history of SDH, , hypokalemia.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is a AP duct is calcified lymph node. The aorta is unfolded. Cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. Low lung volumes due to exaggerated kyphosis. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. spine spondylosis. Cardiomegaly. No acute pulmonary disease process. , .
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate stable, mild multilevel thoracolumbar degenerative disc disease without acute abnormality. Upper abdominal midline surgical sutures are likewise stable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old with and dyspnea. Recent to .. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild dextro curvature of the thoracic spine, possibly positional. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Shortness of breath. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. . and symptoms
Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Cervical fusion . Degenerative changes of the spine and the acromioclavicular joints. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . None.
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. No nodules or masses. No effusions. No pneumonia with and dyspnea
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Calcified granuloma within the right lung base. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . 786.2,V70.0 . None.
The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. Passed out last . Dizziness.
No comparison chest x-. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. PREOP; Pancreatic surgery sched. No complaints.
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. No effusions. persistent .
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with dyspnea. Chest x-,
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No displaced rib fractures identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman, with chest .. None.
The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. Patchy opacities are demonstrated in the left lung base. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. Patchy left basilar subsegmental atelectasis, infiltrates and/or small left pleural effusion. . -year-old male with congestion presents for evaluation. None available.
There are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules. For example, there is a 12 mm left lower lobe nodule, seen on the frontal view. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. The left hilar contour is prominent. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine. 1. Multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules, concerning for metastatic disease. 2. Prominent left hilum. After correlation with the scan performed today, findings reflect enlargement of the left pulmonary artery. -year-old male with history renal , 593.9. Evaluate for metastatic disease. CT chest
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. The inferior posterior sulcus is excluded. No acute or active cardiac or pulmonary disease process. Cannot exclude small pleural effusions. . , .
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with onset of chest pain.
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions. Stable calcified granulomas. Cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic . No acute osseous abnormality identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old male, concern for emphysema.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. And scattered calcified granulomas. Left greater than right basilar opacity, probable atelectasis and/or scarring. No pleural effusion. Basilar atelectasis. Otherwise, no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process. Chest pain this . Weakness and shortness of breath. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Aorta is tortuous. Calcified lymph are again identified. There is mild prominence of the right paratracheal soft tissues, stable in appearance from prior studies. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. Osteopenia and degenerative changes are identified. deformity of T9 appears worse than prior study. 1. Emphysema without acute infiltrate. 2. Progressive deformity of midthoracic vertebral body, T9. with and loss
Cardiomegaly is present. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. Thoracic aorta is tortuous. Patient is status post sternotomy. Surgical clips are present in the left axilla. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. No evidence of active disease. Melanoma.
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. No effusions, pneumonia, or pneumothorax. chest pain
No focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. Heart size normal limits. Cholecystectomy clips. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old female, parotid gland disease, recurrent pneumonias. Portable chest dated .
Heart and mediastinum are at the upper limits of normal size. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. There is no acute, displaced rib fracture. Bony structures are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old woman with syncopal episode. None.
Aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. Large hiatal hernia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No focal opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in size and appearance. 1. No acute pulmonary process. 2. Large hiatal hernia. . and wheezing x1
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female with right-sided neck mass. PA and lateral chest radiograph .
The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged and appears mildly increased in size from the study. There is normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema. Probable mild cardiomegaly, without evidence of acute failure. No focal airspace disease. . Pain, history of end-stage renal disease, type 1 diabetes. , .
There is distortion of the right hilum which may be postsurgical versus neoplastic. Volume loss of the right hand side. There is no evidence of focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal heart size. Question prior right upper lobe resection, no acute abnormality. History of lung cancer with metastasis to brain. Preoperative evaluation for cyst drainage. None.
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with pain in right side of chest that increases with and deep breathing None available
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute findings. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There are opacities in both lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. Calcified granuloma in the left upper lung is noted as well as right retrocardiac calcified nodule. No significant pleural effusion is seen. Mild opacities with scarring; no acute disease. EVALUATE FOR METASTATIC DISEASE;
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. Stable 4 mm lateral left midlung calcified granuloma. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with and shortness of breath. PA and lateral views of the chest from .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable with aortic tortuosity. Lungs are clear with no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fractures are noted. There are multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute disease. Injury, on patient, bone pain, anemia
Heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. No consolidative airspace opacities. No radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, shortness of breath None available
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Chest pain, passed out at None available
Multiple cavitary bilateral pulmonary masses and nodules. These are and increased from prior radiograph of , but were seen chest , with largest in the left base measuring approximately 3.3 x 6.1 cm. No pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. and . History of chemotherapy. with . ,
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small calcified left upper lung granuloma is noted. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Wheezing, leg
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. Central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. DVT
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute displaced rib fractures. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old , rib tenderness.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
No active disease. sob
Normal heart size mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Stable, mild dextro curvature of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, chronic Chest x- ,
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are again seen. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain. .
Normal cardiac contour. Clear lung bilaterally. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative seen throughout cervical spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. yr old female with dyspnea. Chest radiograph on .
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. There is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain, dyspnea None.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Negative chest. chest pain
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Sternotomy sutures and coronary bypass clips remain intact. No active disease. Chest pain. , .
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old with chest pain. None.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Multilevel cervical arthritis. No acute findings. . ,
Evaluation is limited by body habitus and AP technique. Enteric suction catheter courses below diaphragm and film. Stable heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes. No pneumothorax. Cardiac generator leads over the right atrium and right ventricle. Two bilateral pleural effusions. 1. Technically limited exam. 2. Low lung volumes with bilateral pleural effusions. . -year-old male, hypoxia. Portable chest x- ,
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest chest pain.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There is a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There are acute mild anterior deformities identified at L1-L2. There is retropulsion of the posterior vertebral body of L1. A CT of the lumbar spine was already ordered at the time of this dictation. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Acute anterior deformities at L1-L2. Please see CT of the lumbar spine for further details. -year-old status post MVA. None.
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. vehicle accident. Mid chest pain from airbag. None.
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is anterior fusion at the cervicothoracic junction. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old complaining of left arm numbness for 2 weeks. None.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest abnormal lung sounds rales
Stable appearance bipolar dual- cardiac pacemaker overlying the left hemithorax. No interval change in position. Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears within normal limits. Lungs are well-aerated. No areas of parenchymal consolidation or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Stable appearance of pacemaker. Evaluate pacemaker, syncope. Chest radiograph
The heart and mediastinum are normal. The lungs are clear. There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic . There is no infiltrate, mass or pneumothorax. The right internal jugular catheter has been removed. Mild blunted right costophrenic which could be due to effusion or scarring. Status post transplant for end-stage renal disease
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. External monitor leads the thorax. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Difficulty breathing. None.
Heart size and vascularity normal. Mediastinal contour normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Normal chest. Vomiting diarrhea chills None.
Redemonstration of azygos lobe. Redemonstrated left perihilar nodular opacity, similar in size from previous examination. Dense appearing, may be granulomatous. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. . Limited exam, for evaluation of fractures. However, no evidence for displaced rib fracture. 1. Left perihilar nodular opacity redemonstrated, appears dense, may be granulomatous, if desired one may consider CT for further characterization. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Redemonstrated azygos lobe. 3. No fracture visible. If clinical concern persists, consider dedicated rib series. The patient is a -year-old female with right upper quadrant pain, frequent , possible rib fracture..
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of active disease.
Normal cardiac contours. Clear lung bilaterally. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with dyspnea. None.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest. hemoptysis None.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Positive TB skin test. None.
Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. History of immunodeficiency syndrome with shortness of breath
Normal heart size. Density surrounding superior mediastinum reflex combination of vascular, osseous common pleural structures. No focal airspace consolidation. Moderate degenerative disc disease with osteophyte formation bridging. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, dyspnea, inflammatory arthritis. None available
No comparison chest x-. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. PAIN;
The patient is status post CABG. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. Ureteral stents are noted on the right. 1. No evidence of active disease. Muscle weakness. .
There is a moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level noted. airspace opacity at the superior segment of the right lower lobe. No visualized pneumothorax. The right lateral heart is obscured. The left lung is clear without focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality. airspace disease within the superior segment of the right lower lobe with moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level. Follow up to resolution or cross sectional imaging of the chest recommended to rule out malignancy. -year-old woman, vomiting PA and lateral chest radiographs
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Atherosclerotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. . Allergic reaction
Left midlung opacity noted, not visualized on prior. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact. Left mid lung opacity noted, most compatible with atelectasis versus infiltrate. Recommend clinical correlation. . -year-old male, , shortness of breath, question pneumonia. PA lateral views of the chest dated .
Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are grossly clear. No acute disease. Atelectasis
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal units. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Bandlike opacities are present in the right base consistent with areas of atelectasis. Remainder of the lungs appear clear. Bandlike opacities in the right base. Appearance suggests atelectasis. Upper tract infection
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Minimal blunting of the left costophrenic . No pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. No acute pulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female, history of TB, rule out active pulmonary infection None available
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain No comparisons are available
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is patchy airspace disease in the right lower lobe. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Patchy, right lower lobe airspace disease. This represents pneumonia. Recommend followup radiographs to ensure resolution. , shortness of breath, pain. None.
Lungs are without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal status post sternotomy. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. incidental note is of previous left rotator repair. lungs without focal consolidation. and congestion None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild emphysematous changes without focal consolidation. There is no pleural effusion. lingular scarring or atelectasis noted. Emphysema without acute disease. PAIN; chest pain x1 , previous
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Shortness breath on exertion. Mitral insufficiency. Recent bronchitis. None.
Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Heart size borderline enlarged for technique, tracheostomy tube tip approximately 4.7 cm above the carina. -year-old female, dyspnea
Right upper lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia given patient's history. The lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Right upper lobe pneumonia. /
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male, reactive PPD. None available.
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No acute abnormality. Chest pain shortness of breath, hypertension
Left-sided medication injection has its tip projecting at the cavoatrial junction. The trachea is midline. Extensive bilateral bronchiectasis, cystic changes, and scarring represents sequela from the patient's cystic fibrosis. No evidence of focal pulmonary infiltrate or pleural effusion. No large pneumothorax has developed in the interim. The overlying bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. The heart size is normal. 1. Extensive pulmonary bronchiectasis and scarring from cystic fibrosis, not significantly from prior. 2. Left-sided medication injection has its tip projecting over the cavoatrial junction. . The patient is a -year-old woman, preop lung transplant. Chest x-, single view portable from , .
Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fracture. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with and rib pain. None.
Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent early pneumonia. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. Vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent an early pneumonia given patient's history.
The heart is mildly enlarged. Lung volumes are low. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits. There is no free air under the diaphragm. There is a mild amount of seen in the transverse colon. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old woman with abdominal pain None.
Frontal view kyphotic and rotated, low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise, no definite airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Accounting for technical factors heart size borderline enlarged. Low lung volumes, otherwise, no definite acute findings. -year-old male, dyspnea
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Low left paraspinal/retrocrural adenopathy is present. This appears unchanged. 1. Left paraspinal/retrocrural adenopathy. Testicular carcinoma. Outside study dated .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. There is a right lower lobe pneumonia. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Right lower lobe pneumonia. Consider followup radiograph to document resolution. . Chills
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Multilevel degenerative changes are seen throughout the thoracic spine. anchors over the left humeral head. There is mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint osteoarthritis. Visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable in appearance. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Passed out . None.
The cavity and the left upper lobe has decreased in size. Bilateral apical bullae and parenchymal scars are unchanged. No infiltrates in the lower lobes. Heart size remains normal. Bullous disease and upper lobe scars. Decreasing right upper lobe cavity. Followup lung carcinoma.
The heart is normal in size. The aorta is tortuous and ectatic. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with and chest pain. PA and lateral chest radiographs .
Cardiomegaly. Interstitial opacities consistent with edema in the lower lobes. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Interstitial pulmonary edema. -year-old with dyspnea. .
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. . 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Syncope, anorexia. None.
Heart size is normal. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No focal air space opacities. Mild degenerative osteophytes are noted in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Marrow pneumothorax, focal lung consolidation or pleural effusions. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. , vehicle 2 ago none
No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Calcified granuloma seen bilaterally. Normal heart size. Elevated right hemidiaphragm, with a nodular soft tissue contour, containing liver. Degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine. There is neurostimulator, overlying the mid and lower thoracic spine. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Elevation of the right diaphragm, containing liver. Preop evaluation. Placement of neurostimulator. Chest radiograph, .
The heart is enlarged. The mediastinal contours are stable. Large hiatal hernia is identified containing stomach and colon. Questionable small bowel loops are also visualized inthe large hernia. There is adjacent compressive atelectasis. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Stable appearance of large hiatal hernia containing stomach and large bowel as well as possible small bowel loops. HYPERTENSION; up for hernia repair. chest
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. Shortness of breath. None.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No abnormal airspace opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female, followup Chest x- ,
Normal cardiac contour. Right sided pleural effusion. Clear left lung . No pneumothorax. 1. Right sided pleural effusion. -year-old male status post MVC. /, chest radiograph /.
The heart size is mildly enlarged. The patient is post aortic valve replacement. The sternotomy are intact. The pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There mild degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. -year-old with chest congestion evaluate for pneumonia. AP chest dated .
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is present. No evidence of active disease. Bone marrow transplant evaluation. None.
Lungs are hyperexpanded. Bullae are present in the upper lobes. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal. Findings of COPD. No acute findings. chest pain, dyspnea
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Low lung volumes. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Back pain. No injury. None.
Heart size is mildly enlarged. There are diffusely increased interstitial opacities bilaterally. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Findings concerning for interstitial edema or infection. -year-old male with dyspnea. .
The heart is normal in size. Prominent right paratracheal soft tissue density. Rounded mass in the right middle lobe measures approximately 4.6 cm x 3.7 cm. There is mild surrounding airspace disease and/or atelectasis. No pleural effusions noted. The visualized bony thorax appears grossly intact. Right mid lung mass with mild right paratracheal soft tissue may be secondary to associated lymphadenopathy. Further imaging with CT of the chest is recommended. right shoulder pain cxr sob
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Vascular calcification is identified. Calcified granuloma is present in the right lower lobe. No nodules are seen. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. No focal airspace disease is identified. 1. No evidence of active disease. and congestion.
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with hypertension. None.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. Calcified left hilar . Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with .
Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. Hyperexpanded but clear lungs. aam with h/o , shoulder pain, loss
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. Stent is noted in the abdomen. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Calcified granuloma are noted. 1. No evidence of active disease. Multiple myeloma. Bone marrow transplant. None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with . None.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. Stable eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. There is redemonstration without significant interval change of mild subsegmental atelectasis of the left base. Pneumonia seen on CT examination dated , (not seen on prior chest x-) is not seen either on chest x-. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old male with pneumonia.. Two view chest radiograph dated , ..
No pneumothorax or effusion. No pneumonia. Heart size normal. Lungs clear
Heart and mediastinum within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain. , .
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings. Hemoptysis ,
There is airspace disease in the right lower lobe seen behind the right hemidiaphragm on PA view. This is also well seen on lateral view. Remainder of the lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary appear normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. The right lower lobe pneumonia ,486
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, .
Heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours are within normal limits. Normal pulmonary vasculature. The lungs are clear. No visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. Mild degenerative changes of the spine. 1. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. 2. No evidence of active disease. with chronic CT chest on .
Stable appearance of previous sternotomy. Stable cardiomegaly. Stable mild bilateral interstitial opacities in which may represent mild pulmonary edema. No evidence of large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable cardiomegaly and mild bilateral interstitial opacities which represent mild pulmonary edema. -year-old female with 's syndrome previous history of . Chest x-
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. test ca; r/o
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no evidence for mass lung apices. The heart is normal. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. The skeletal structures are unremarkable. 1. No acute pulmonary disease. No evidence for apical mass. Possible tumor left arm pain and weakness for 3 weeks. None.
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. wheezes. None.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old for 4 days. PA and lateral chest .
The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. There are bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right with small right pleural effusion. No visualized pneumothorax. Bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right with small effusions. -year-old woman with shortness of breath PA lateral chest radiographs
Heart size is normal. The lungs and costophrenic are clear. The bony thorax is grossly intact. Normal chest. Kidney . None.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Heart size normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old female with arthritis and dyspnea Chest radiograph
Heart size is normal. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . -year-old male with . Chest radiographs from .
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Fractures of the posterior left 4th, 5th, and 6th ribs, age-indeterminate. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Specifically, no pneumothorax. 2. Fractures of the posterior left 4th, 5th, and 6th ribs, age-indeterminate. Chest pain. Concern for pneumothorax. None.
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Calcified granuloma right midlung. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Persistent , nonsmoker
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. . Throat pain
The heart is enlarged. Changes of sternotomy and bypass graft are identified in the lungs are grossly clear. right pleural thickening versus pleural effusion is noted. There is no acute infiltrate. No pneumothorax is seen. Mild granulomatous sequela are noted. Mild stable cardiomegaly without acute disease. Possible right pleural effusion. Dyspnea
There is persistent, marked enlargement of the pulmonary arteries. Normal heart size. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. 1. Enlarged pulmonary arteries. This may be due to previous/chronic pulmonary embolism or pulmonary arterial hypertension. 2. No evidence of pneumonia or other acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with history of pulmonary embolism. CT chest ,
The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with . ,
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures. 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old male with chest pain. None.
The heart size is normal. There is prominent left epicardial fat. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female with chest pain. PA and lateral chest x- dated .
Calcified left hilar lymph from prior granulomatous disease. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. No focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, rule out pneumonia PA and lateral chest radiograph from ,
Heart size within normal limits. Tortuous aorta. There is an accessory azygos fissure in the right upper lung. No focal air space consolidations are noted. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is severe degenerative change at the thoracolumbar junction with mild anterior wedging at approximately T12. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with . CT the abdomen and pelvis dated .
2 images. Heart size is enlarged, stable. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. There is dense consolidation within the retrocardiac left lower lobe. There is also patchy airspace opacity within the perihilar right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Left lower lobe and right perihilar airspace disease. In the appropriate clinical setting, this is compatible with infection/pneumonia and followup radiography is recommended following treatment to document resolution. If clinical findings are discordant, a is recommended. Shortness of breath. for 2 weeks.
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old from with clubbing of the .
The and soft tissue appear normal. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. The aortic is on the left. The trachea is well seen and appears normal. The lungs are clear. Unremarkable chest study. . -year-old with preoperative examination. Rule out TB.
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. No evidence of tuberculosis tuberculosis +PPD.
Lungs appear clear. Heart and pulmonary appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary disease Roomate sts pt has been in for 3 days. Pt hasn't been eating or drinking anything for 3 days. No energy. +vomiting and diarrhea. abdominal px. ,high
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old , .. None.
Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old with . None available.
The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is a calcified density in the left mid lung, most a calcified granuloma. Lungs are otherwise clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. Specifically, there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. There is no pneumothorax. The bony structures show no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No active pulmonary disease. R/O TB FEMALE WITH PPD
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no evidence of tuberculous disease. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. positive ppd
No focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. Osseous structures intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old male, history of tobacco use.
Streaky opacities in the right lower lobe most suggestive of atelectasis, differential diagnosis includes atypical infection. No definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old female, chest pain, symptoms
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified. Normal chest radiograph Back pain Radiograph from
There is stable mild cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary vascular congestion. They're stable tortuosity of the aorta. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. No acute process. Stable cardiomegaly. possible seizure
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute pulmonary disease. dizziness none
and lateral views of the chest were obtained on . The lung volumes are normal. The lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. The mediastinum and pulmonary are normal. The bony elements are not remarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities are seen. END OF REPORT. -year-old male with palpitations and tachycardia.
Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No of pleural effusions. No of active cardiopulmonary disease. Unchanged. POSTERIORCHEST PX/BACK PX nonsmoker with posterior midline chest pain with radiating rt back tenderness around level of T8 x 1-2 wks no known or disease processes .
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with chest pain None.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Negative chest . Chest pain
Stable cardiomediastinal contour is mild cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or significant pulmonary edema. Small left pleural effusion. No focal lung consolidation. Mildly low lung volumes. 1. Small left pleural effusion. 2. Stable mild cardiomegaly.
The lungs are hyperexpanded. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion, focal airspace opacities or pneumothorax. No free subdiaphragmatic air. Lung hyperexpansion. No focal air space disease. -year-old male with and asthma. , .
The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The there are opacities in the left lower lobe of the lung, which are most dependent atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Left base focal atelectasis, no infiltrates that would suggest active tuberculosis. patient to -- to rle out pneumonia/communicable dz. CT thorax from .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. There is lingular airspace disease.. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. Lingular airspace disease which in the setting of is concerning for pneumonia. Dyspnea, chest pain comment 79
The lungs are hyperexpanded. There are stable scattered bilateral opacities, most notable in the left upper lobe, scarring. No focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are degenerative changes of the spine. 1. No acute findings. 2. Emphysema. 3. Scattered of scarring, most notably in the left upper lobe. -year-old male with history of COPD.
Heart size normal. Hyperexpanded lungs with minimal interstitial prominence. Most represents 's lung. No nodules or masses. Bilateral nipple shadows seen pain at xiphoid
There is severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine with chronic deformity of the bilateral ribs. The lungs are chronically hypoinflated. There is visualization of the hemidiaphragms, which may be due to basilar airspace disease/atelectasis. Evaluation of the lungs is markedly limited. Overall, the appearance is similar to the prior study from . There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Low lung volumes with probable mild bibasilar airspace disease/atelectasis. Markedly limited exam, without significant interval change from . . Dyspnea. Midsternal chest pressure, tightness. History of pneumonia one month ago. , .
Heart size mildly enlarged with enlarged right atrium. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly, no acute pulmonary findings -year-old male, pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. Specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process. -year-old woman with positive PPD.. None.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest . None.
Cardiomegaly is present. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. Some scattered opacities are present whose appearance scarring or atelectasis. No focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion is noted. No pneumothorax is identified. The left hemidiaphragm is elevated. Scoliosis is present involving the lumbar spine. There has been previous surgical resection of the left 6th rib. 1. Cardiomegaly without overt heart failure. 2. Continued elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. 3. Scattered of left base scarring/atelectasis. Hypertension, shortness of breath.
Moderate cardiomegaly. Prominent vascular pedicle/upper mediastinal contour. Mild central vascular congestion. No overt edema or confluent lobar pneumonia. No pleural effusion. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute findings, see above. Productive . None.
Heart size is upper limits of normal and stable. They're multiple radiopaque densities overlying the patient.. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative changes of the spinal. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Left arm pain with hypotension
No suspicious appearing lung nodules identified. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. Right middle lobe scarring as before. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Metastic melanoma Comparison , .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Dyspnea
Heart size upper limits of normal. Grossly clear lungs with no effusions. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. TIPS stent incidentally noted. LIVER TRANSPLANT EVALUATION Comparison , .
Normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. Interval removal of left-sided intravenous catheter. No pneumothorax. opacities obscuring the hemidiaphragms, slightly improved from prior exam.. Right-sided rib fractures again noted. Mildly improved opacities, which may represent atelectasis, infiltrate and/or pleural effusions. Dyspnea
Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old male with seizures None available
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. History of positive TB. PA and lateral views of the chest on , .
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Chronic appearing left lateral rib deformities. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Interval development of healing left sided rib fractures. -year-old female, postpartum, 1 per , sputum production Chest x- suture 15
Hyperlucent hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms. Granulomas. Small sized heart. Minimal apical capping slightly greater at the left. unremarkable. Appearance suggests emphysema. Apical capping, slightly greater at the left. Recommend comparison with prior films or followup chest x- films to confirm stability and approximately 4 months in . Critical result notification documented through Primordial. Pressure left-sided face. None.
Heart size is normal. Aorta is tortuous and ectatic. Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear without evidence of fibrosis. Pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Endplate sclerotic changes are present in the thoracic spine. Ectatic aorta. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. pt w/ sacroiliitis
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. and congestion with for 1 month , .
Trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no evidence of tuberculous disease. There is no pneumothorax. There is dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. R/O TB 011.90
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old female with pleuritic chest pain Chest 2 views. .
The lungs are hyperinflated with biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring and upward retraction of the , similar to the prior study. There are multiple reticular-nodular opacities in the upper lobes bilaterally which appear grossly stable from the prior study. There is no evidence of , focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. Hyperinflation with chronic upper lobe reticular-nodular pleural-parenchymal opacities and hilar retraction. No gross interval change from . . Lightheaded. None.
Stable obscuration of the left cardiac , representing left pleural thickening. Stable nodular opacity within the left midlung. The lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. are unremarkable. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. No evidence of tuberculosis. Evaluate for tuberculosis, starting immunosuppressive medication for rheumatoid arthritis Chest 2 views PA and lateral , p.m..
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. None.
The lungs are clear. There is hyperinflation of the lungs. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. mild arthritic changes of the spine are present. Hyperinflation consistent with COPD. No acute pulmonary disease identified. Chest pain with shortness of breath
Heart size within normal limits. Dense mitral annular calcification. Tortuous and ectatic, atherosclerotic aorta. No edema. Lungs mildly hyperinflated. There is left basilar scarring. No consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Short of breath, left shoulder pain CT chest ,
The cardiac silhouette measures near upper limits of normal in size. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is stable eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Heart , left anterior substernal chest pain. , .
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old midchest pain for 2 days. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease.
There is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. There is no evidence of aspiration. A 3.0 cm nodule is present within the right hilum. No moderate to large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculature is normal. 1. Retained contrast in the distal esophagus. 2. Unchanged right hilar mass. -year-old female with achalasia post myotomy in . Upper with retained contrast. Known right lung mass. Upper study /.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. ovarian ca; for
The aortic is mildly tortuous. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are T-spine osteophytes. Large body habitus. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Morbid obesity, hypertension None available.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. The lung are clear. There are no soft tissue or bony abnormalities. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain None available
The lungs are hypoventilated. There is no focal consolidation. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Hypoventilated lungs, but no focal consolidation. -year-old woman with chest pain. None available
PA and lateral views. stable postoperative changes with midline sternotomy and myocardial revascularization. Cardiac size remains mildly enlarged but stable. There is mild vascular congestion. Small bilateral pleural effusions are present, which are . Mild pulmonary vascular congestion, with bilateral effusions. Constellation findings is most compatible with congestive heart failure. . ,
The cardiac silhouette appears be at upper limits of normal to borderline enlarged. The mediastinum and parahilar structures are also slightly prominent but unchanged. Portacatheter is noted with its tip in superior . This appears unchanged. Slightly inspiratory effort is noted on the frontal film. This is unchanged. Osseous structures appear be grossly unremarkable. No pneumothorax or obvious pulmonary lesions seen. This is a -year-old male patient with vomiting, history of varices, and previous complaints of chest pain. Chest x-, , .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear. No acute disease. Chest pain
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. There is a vague right suprahilar density with elevation of the fissure most mild subsegmental atelectasis though superimposed infection cannot be entirely excluded. The remaining lungs are clear. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. Right upper lobe subsegmental atelectasis. No evidence of heart failure. Peripheral edema. None.
Borderline cardiac enlargement. Enlarged calcified thoracic aorta. Emphysema. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Mild spondylosis. Emphysema. No acute pulmonary findings. ,
The heart is normal in size. Mild fullness of the left hilum, small interval change from prior exam. Lucencies throughout the chest representing emphysematous change. Scattered bilateral calcified granulomas. No pneumothorax. Large hiatal hernia, increased from prior exam. 1. Increased left hilar fullness. This may represent superimposed , adenopathy cannot be excluded on this exam. If there is clinical concern, suggest reference to prior exam or CT chest. 2. Large hiatal hernia, increased in size from prior exam. Dyspnea Chest dated
Mild hyperinflation. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs without acute focal infiltrate. Asthma None available
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with dyspnea. None.
There is a left base opacity. The right lung is grossly clear. Heart size is normal. Left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. There is no pneumothorax. 1. Left base airspace disease. 2. Left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. WALKING, RE-EVALUATION OF OXYGENATION; Chest AP portable. .
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. DYSPNEA None.
Comparison , Bilateral calcified granulomas and some left basilar scarring as before. Clear lungs. No effusions. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.. Stable chest. left side numbness
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. The lungs are clear without interval consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative endplate spurring in the mid thoracic spine. and irregular heart ,
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Negative chest . Shortness of breath.
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. palpitations
Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal. Mediastinum normal. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. difficulty swallowing
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Multiple healed posterior left rib fractures. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male, dyspnea on exertion CT chest ,
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings. and dyspnea None.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart is normal. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Senescent changes of the spine are seen. No acute pulmonary disease. Preop for back surgery, . , .
No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace opacities. No definite visualized rib fractures. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No visualized rib fractures. -year-old female, evaluate for rib fractures post
Heart size is normal. No large effusions. No focal airspace opacities. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with history of leiomyosarcoma
There's been interval enlargement in the cardiac silhouette. These 't contours are within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. 2. Interval development of cardiomegaly. Heart flutter
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. No evidence of active disease. -year-old female with chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male, nonsmoker, productive and wheezing since Thanksgiving. Chest radiographs .
2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Chest pain. Liver pain. None.
The lungs are clear. There appear to be small bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is not grossly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Increased kyphosis is seen in the may be a thoracic deformity that is not well-characterized. Arthritic changes are seen. 1. Probable small bilateral pleural effusions. 2. Possible lower thoracic deformity not well characterized on today's study. intake increasing weakness.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax grossly unremarkable. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with mitomyopathy and tachycardia Chest x-,
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma within the right middle lobe. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with neck injury painting this weekend. Pain radiating into the chest. Two views of the chest dated .
There is an marked interval increase in heart size. The heart also demonstrates the configuration, compatible with pericardial effusion. A small right pleural effusion the present. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrates. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No pneumothorax. Large pericardial effusion. History of pericardial effusion. Chest radiographically 26 .
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. Preop right knee replacement
Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures are intact. Normal chest radiograph. -year-old female with dyspnea. None available.
Irregularity within the right apex is consistent with patient's known cavitary lesion as a sequela of prior tuberculosis. No evidence of active infection. No focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or effusions identified. Paramediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits and no acute bony abnormality is identified. Right apical cavitary lesion consistent with history of tuberculosis without active infectious process identified. -year-old woman with history of TB.. CT of the chest dated , .
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is degenerative changes of the skeletal structures 1. No acute pulmonary disease. cp
Heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Hyperinflated lungs with left perihilar and bibasilar opacities which may be compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. Otherwise no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense nodules in the left lung suggest a previous granulomatous process. Right upper abdominal coiled artifacts, question prior embolization procedure. -year-old male, out of of meds, chest pain
Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old male with hypertension.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Shortness of breath, headache, chills. Chest pain. , .
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute preoperative findings. Preop knee surgery None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. . None.
No active disease. chest pain
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. Chest pain ,
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female, MVC. CT chest with contrast .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is again biapical scarring. Small stable calcified left lower lobe granuloma. The lungs are otherwise clear. No acute disease. Testis cancer dx
Heart size within normal limits. Trachea is midline. The lung volumes are is somewhat low. Both lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. No pleural effusion. No pulmonary nodules visualized. No pulmonary nodules. Negative chest. with , neuropathy None.
Low lung volumes and patient rotation. Given differences in technique, heart size within normal limits. Persistent right basilar opacity, atelectasis. No suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine. Persistent stable right basilar atelectasis. Altered mental status ,
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size within normal limits. There is tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta, unchanged. There is right paratracheal thickening and bilateral hilar enlargement corresponding to lymphadenopathy and pulmonary arterial enlargement visualized on chest in . Radiographically, the findings are grossly stable. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. 2. Abnormal appearance of the mediastinum as discussed below. Hypertension, leg weakness.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. In the left midlung zone, there has been development of a small lung nodule. This measures approximately 8 mm in diameter. 1. 8 mm left midlung nodule. since . Comparison to interval outside film would be helpful to assess the chronicity of this nodule. If old films are not available, or if this is , chest CT scan could be to better define this. Pre-transplant evaluation.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. Coarsened interstitial testes appear chronic and compatible with emphysema. There is minimal scarring or atelectasis in the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise clear of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. Chronic changes of emphysema. No acute findings. . , shortness of breath. , .
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Negative chest . Chest pain for 1 hour
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal chest exam. Chest pain shortness of breath. .
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Abdominal pain, nonproductive . None.
Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Cardiac defibrillator generator projects over the left mid lateral lung. No visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Minimal streaky airspace opacities in the lower lobes. 1. Cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. Minimal bibasilar opacities which may reflect atelectasis or infiltrate. , pain. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic calcifications. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated with increased peripheral lung markings noted predominantly in the right upper and lower lung. There is no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion. Mild eventration of left hemidiaphragm is noted. Scattered opacities may be secondary to scarring and underlying emphysematous changes versus mild interstitial lung disease. No acute infiltrate. abd pain, rales at right base
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute preoperative findings. Preop anesthesia None.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. There is no focal consolidation. Thoracic spondylosis. Emphysema without superimposed pneumonia. Shortness of breath None.
The lungs focal airspace consolidation. There is atelectasis of the left lung base. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Cervical vertebral is partially visible at the top of the radiographs. 1. Left basilar atelectasis. 2. No focal airspace consolidation. -year-old woman with . None available.
The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. There is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old male with recent right deltoid and proximal arm biopsy. PA and lateral chest radiographs .
Normal heart size. Diffuse bilateral reticulonodular interstitial opacities. There are no of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Heart is not enlarged. are unremarkable. Compared to , there are extensive bilateral reticulonodular interstitial opacities, concerning for atypical infection. Result notification Primordial. . , history of renal transplant
Heart size within normal limits. Right paratracheal prominence represents tortuous . lung volumes. Mild streaky bibasilar opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis. 2. Low lung volumes with minimal streaky basilar airspace disease, atelectasis. 3. Right paratracheal prominence represents tortuous . Comparison with prior imaging studies could confirm this if available. . -year-old woman screening for assisted living facility. None.
Moderate bilateral interstitial edema, with cardiomegaly and bilateral effusion consistent with moderate cardiac failure. A large calcified right mediastinal adenopathy, chronic fungal. No pneumothorax. Moderate congestive cardiac failure.
The cardiac contours are normal. Prominent pulmonary arteries. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. Prostate cancer ,
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. No nodules or masses. No effusions or fibrosis persistent . Cigarette use
Borderline heart size. Aortic atherosclerosis. Small volume effusions and basilar airspace disease. Right-sided central catheter tip low SVC. NG tube has been removed. There is mild -distention of this stomach. Decreased breath sounds ,
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Again seen is evidence of prior CABG. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. right and left pleural effusions. There is right greater than left bibasilar atelectasis. B-lines seen at the lung bases. No consolidation or pneumothorax. bilateral pleural effusions, right larger than left. Early interstitial show pulmonary edema. CHF, shortness of breath.
Lungs are relatively clear. Heart size normal. Unfolded aorta. Moderate hiatal hernia. T-spine osteophytes and DISH. Moderate hiatal hernia. No definite pneumonia.
Right mid lung nodule stable ; etiology not determined. This is noncalcified, and is stable since a CT examination from and is benign etiology. The lungs are well inflated and without focal consolidation. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. Costophrenic clear. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in and alignment. Overlying leads. Stable radiographic view of chest. Chest pain ComparisXXXX/11
No evidence of airspace opacity. No effusion or noncalcified nodules. No evidence of pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized of the chest are within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . ECF placement. Chest x- of
PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Shortness of breath 11 22,007
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with hyperosmolar state. None.
Stable appearance of the left axillary . No pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. Stable appearance of the left-sided without acute complicating features. Post pacemaker implantation unable to raise left arm fully , hours
There is mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right with left basilar opacities. No pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Cardiomegaly with small bilateral pleural effusions and left basilar atelectasis. -year-old male with scrotal edema, dyspnea, lower leg edema None available
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. Chest pain ,
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary process. . Pain. None.
There is a large calcified granuloma in the right apex. Mild patchy opacities are seen in the upper lung zones bilaterally similar to prior studies. The heart and mediastinum are normal. Scoliosis and arthritic changes of the spine are present. Persistent and biapical opacities. No acute pulmonary disease identified. Right lower extremity infection and hypoxia
1. Cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. 2. Right base opacity combination of pleural effusion and atelectasis/airspace disease. Cannot exclude elevation right hemidiaphragm. 3. Left lung relatively clear. 4. Limited exam due to underpenetrated technique related to large patient habitus. 5. No evidence of pneumothorax. Hypoxia.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest No evidence of sarcoidosis. iritis, rule out sarcoidosis None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old woman with chest pain None.
Chest: The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. Left knee: There is no fracture-dislocation. There are degenerative changes with medial compartment osteophytes. There is no suprapatellar effusion. There is a . Chest: No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Left knee: Minimal degenerative changes, however no acute bony abnormality. -year-old with edema and chronic knee pain. None.
Calcified granulomas noted. symmetric apical scarring. The diaphragms are flattened, and the chest is somewhat shaped. The cardiothymic silhouette is within normal limits for size. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. No acute bony abnormality. Radiographic findings suggestive of emphysema. -year-old female with abnormal loss None.
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with None available
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Neck pain
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal. No evidence of acute thoracic . , transfer patient None.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Shortness of breath. Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral , .
Heart size within normal limits. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. Lungs are clear bilaterally. No focal consolidations. No pleural effusions. Bony structures are intact. No active disease. pt with chronic asthma chest 2 views from , .
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are endplate changes within the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old woman with chest pain and . None.
Lung volumes remain . opacities are present in both lower lobes. Old rib fractures and pleural thickening are present on the right. Heart and pulmonary are normal. Hypoinflation with bibasilar focal atelectasis. HYPOXIA , .
Cardiomegaly. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. Cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, chest pain and dyspnea
Very low lung volumes with bibasilar hypoventilation and patchy atelectasis. No overt airspace consolidation or pleural effusions. Visualized mediastinal contour grossly within normal limits. CHF, ; No comparison chest x-
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Mild degenerative changes of the spine. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Left-sided chest pain for 1-1/2 weeks for
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Calcified left hilar lymph . A calcified granuloma is seen in the left lower lobe. Bony thorax is unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with dyspnea.
Chest: 2 images. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal contours are maintained. There is a mild pectus excavatum deformity. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. There is no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No convincing acute bony findings. Right shoulder: 3 images. There has been and screw fixation of the midshaft right clavicle. The lateral most screw is fractured. This is age-indeterminate as no prior studies are available for comparison. Otherwise, the surgical appears intact. The humeral head is seen within the glenoid, without evidence for dislocation. No bony fractures are seen. The visualized right ribs appear intact. Right clavicle: 2 images. No clavicle fracture is seen. Once again noted is the surgical fixation , with fracture of the lateral most fixation screw. Chest: 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 2. Pectus excavatum. Right shoulder and right clavicle: 1. No acute bony abnormality identified. 2. The lateral most screw of the clavicular fixation is fractured. This is age-indeterminate as no prior studies are available for comparison. Clinical correlation is . MVA , . . Back pain. Right clavicle numbness, with tingling and pain with palpation. Chest . Clinical
The heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. chest pain , .
Right middle lobe opacity is present. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Right middle lobe opacity which may represent a focal area of consolidation or atelectasis. -year-old male with dyspnea and crackles on exam. Single view of the chest on
The heart size is within normal limits. Cardiomediastinal contour is normal. There is a right upper lobe nodule measuring 8 mm in diameter. Trachea is midline. The lungs otherwise clear. and soft tissues are unremarkable. 1. Right upper lobe pulmonary nodule, granuloma. chest pain None .
Low lung volumes bilaterally, with lungs otherwise grossly clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with shortness of breath.. None.
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. No focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax.. Chest pain.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. Multiple myeloma. None.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Negative chest . , , dyspnea
Lung volumes are low. The heart is large, the pulmonary are engorged. No infiltrates. opacity is present in the left midlung. Hypoinflation with cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension. Left mid lung focal atelectasis. chest pain , bilateral leg , .
Heart size and mediastinal contour normal. There is a 2.5 cm vague nodular density in the right mid lung, probably within the middle lobe given the opacification on the lateral view. There is a subtle left retrocardiac density also noted, with obscuration of aortic contour. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Right midlung and left basilar airspace densities. The most recent study is not available for comparison. Recommend further evaluation with . Abnormal findings of previous studies in . CT chest
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old male with COPD.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
Normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Normal pulmonary . Lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No active or acute cardiopulmonary disease. Syncope.
No comparison chest x-. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. ,485 and chest pain.
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease INDICATION: EVALUATE FOR metastatic DISEASE;
Mediastinal contours are normal. Opacity within the right middle and lower lobes. No displacement of the or fissure. No pneumothorax.. Opacification of the right middle and lower lobes. Chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. A calcified granuloma is identified in the right middle lobe. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute displaced rib fractures. 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old female chest pain. Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated .
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Calcified left hilar node. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . 786.2 None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild emphysematous changes are noted. The lungs are otherwise clear. No acute disease. , pain
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with persisting . Two-view chest from .
The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise the lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding otherwise lungs are clear. Dyspnea. Chest radiograph from , .
Lungs are clear bilaterally.There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Stable aortic tortuosity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable. Scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Stent visualized in the right upper quadrant, biliary stent. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Dyspnea Chest 2 views PA and lateral , p.m.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are slightly hypoinflated but clear. There is no pleural effusion. No acute disease. x days
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There is a vague 1.6 cm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe between the anterior second and third ribs, which could represent focal infiltrate or lung nodule. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Vague nodular opacity in the right lobe, which could represent focal infiltrate or nodule. Recommend followup to resolution. Shortness of breath and wheezing. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. There is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. . Chest pain
There is a right PICC with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. No overt pulmonary edema. There are streaky bibasilar opacities. No large pleural effusion. The right hemidiaphragm is elevated. No pneumothorax is identified. There are degenerative changes of the spine. Bilateral surgical clips are noted. 1. Streaky bibasilar opacities; the appearance subsegmental atelectasis. 2. Enlarged cardiac silhouette. 3. Mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm. -year-old female with history of osteomyelitis. .
The heart is borderline size. Aorta is atherosclerotic. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are clear. Mild stable cardiomegaly. Dyspnea
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. . Chest pain
Heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. No focal consolidation. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with chest pain. Chest radiograph from .
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . intact. Chondral cartilages causing over the anterior lungs on lateral view. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The patient is a -year-old male, preop for bilateral TKA. Nonsmoker, cardiac stent . Otherwise no complaints. None.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal as are the skeletal structures and soft tissues. No active disease. .
A patchy infiltrate has developed in the right middle lobe. Left lung is clear. Heart size normal. Aorta tortuous. Right middle lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia. , .
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. Clear lungs.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. incontinence preop examination
Heart size is normal. No focal airspace disease. Emphysema. Bibasilar pleural scarring. No pneumothorax or effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old female with COPD and worsening dyspnea. Two-view chest from .
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with tachycardia intermittently over the last 8 hours. Pain and left arm. Three months postpartum. Two views of the chest dated .
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings. Hemoptysis None.
Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Multilevel degenerative changes are noted within the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Chest pain. None.
Chest. Heart size normal lungs are clear. Right knee. Severe osteoarthritis all 3 compartments preop knee replacement surgery and
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute pulmonary disease. SYNCOPE none
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No change in a small calcified right apical granuloma. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. PRE-OP VENTRAL HERNIA REPAIR,COPD,,EMPHYSEMA,DYSPNEA , .
Heart size is within normal limits. Aorta appears tortuous and ectatic, unchanged from comparison exam. There is a stable dual ICD/pacemaker. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen. Visualized osseous structures are grossly intact. 1. Stable left chest dual ICD/pacemaker. 2. Improved lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old , status post ICD/pacemaker placement.
The heart is normal in size. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. The mediastinum is stable. There is again soft tissue density projected over the right mid chest, patient's known large breast mass. The appearance is grossly stable to decreased from prior study. The lateral projection is suboptimal as patient could not raise . There is no pleural effusion. Redemonstration of right chest wall mass compatible with patient's known breast carcinoma.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease.
Exam quality limited by hypoventilation and apical lordotic frontal projection. Considering technical factors heart size at mildly enlarged. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old female, dyspnea
There is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. There is a focal opacity within the right upper lung. There is dense calcification of the thoracic aorta. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. 1. Right upper lobe opacity. Without comparisons, this may represent a focal area of infection/pneumonia. However, correlation should be for possible tuberculosis exposure as tuberculosis infection could have this appearance. If discordant from clinical suspicion, or does not resolve on follow up imaging, consider further evaluation with scan. 2. Enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. Head bleed. None.
Minimal cardiomegaly. Prominent pulmonary . Probable very small pleural effusions and minimal questionable interstitial edema. No pneumonia and sweats
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Chest pain. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. None Indication RENAL CA; CK STATUS; COMPARE TO PREVIOUS
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. Calcified right lower lobe granuloma The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the spine. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Weakness. Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral , .
Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact. The trachea and pulmonary bronchi are unremarkable. Normal chest radiograph. -year-old male with asthma Chest radiograph
Persistent but decreasing basilar infiltrates atelectasis. Possible small effusions. Sternotomy. Heart size normal. Left IJ catheter tip mid SVC Hypoxia. History: portable tubes and lines One
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary process. chest pain None.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are several age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures noted. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node. There basilar calcified granulomas. There minimal degenerative changes of the spine. Multiple age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures. -year-old with chest pain. None.
Chest. Lungs are clear and expanded. Heart size normal. A calcified pleural plaque in the right subpulmonic area has not since the abdomen CT. Left and right knees. , spaces, and soft tissues are normal. 1. Chest. No active disease. 2. Left and right knees negative. chronic and diminished breath sounds; bilateral knee pain. abdomen CT .
No comparison chest x- Clear lungs. No effusions. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified.
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, chest pain, syncope.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Atherosclerosis of the aortic . Minimal densities, left lung base. Hyperexpanded lungs. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Chronic lung changes without acute abnormality. -year-old female. Altered mental status. , .
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest COPD. None.
The patchy right lower lobe and left lower lobe interstitial infiltrates are largely unchanged in the interval. No infiltrates. Heart size remains large. Tracheostomy tube remains in the trachea. A right central line has its tip at the superior . Persistent cardiomegaly and patchy bibasilar interstitial disease. growing Pseudomonas, on , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female, . None.
Ill-defined opacity projecting over midthoracic spine on lateral view corresponding with residual mass/nodularity seen scan from . Well-expanded lungs with no acute airspace disease. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Lung Cancer No comparison chest x-.
No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with chest pain. None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old male with edema and hypertension.. None.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Lower lung volumes on the AP projection. Heart size is upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Implantable cardiac are visualized on the lateral projection in the region of the expected location of the mitral valve . sternotomy noted. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Chest pain, dizziness. Recent ablation. None.
Stable cardiomegaly. The lungs are clear. Stable left lung base calcifications. No focal consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Stable cardiomegaly. -year-old male with chest pain. Chest x- on
The lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. Pectus carinatum is noted. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Calcified granuloma are noted. Vascular calcification is noted. 1. Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. 2. Pectus carinatum. 3. No evidence of acute disease. . .
The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. . Chest pain, shortness of breath None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain None available.
Stable marked cardiomegaly. Cardiac generator projects over the left mid hemithorax with a terminating in the right ventricle. No focal airspace disease. Mild central pulmonary vascular congestion. The heart has the same configuration as seen previously with a pericardial effusion on an abdominal CT in . Cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular congestion and no acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with dyspnea. Two-view chest from .
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Hyperinflated lungs with flattening of diaphragms, compatible with emphysema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. 1. Emphysema. 2. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Short of breath. None.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with workup for loss and history tobacco use.
The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. Calcified granuloma noted in the right midlung. The heart size is within normal limits. No acute bony abnormality is identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with hypertension. None.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. pt c/o cp , .
No active disease. ppd reactive
Heart size normal. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with chest pain. None available.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Left basilar subsegmental atelectasis versus scar noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Specifically, no evidence of active tuberculous process. -year-old woman, rule out TB.. None.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with .
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. . 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Pain with syncope. Blurry vision. Chest x- dated
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are grossly clear. opacities in the lung bases. There are fragments overlying the posterior left chest, right neck base and fragments in the left costophrenic . There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bullet fragments, as described above. No evidence of acute parenchymal abnormality. Shielded, PDP.
Borderline heart size. Tortuous calcified aorta. Elevated right diaphragm. Prominent hilar contours bilaterally. No acute pulmonary consolidation or pleural effusion. Chest pain None.
No large pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No focal airspace opacities. Heart size is normal. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with chest pain
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. , , htn with elevation , .
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Low lung volumes causing mild bronchovascular crowding. No focal airspace consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion. There is no large pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Pression: Low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary findings. . The patient is a -year-old with a history of asthma and . Chest x-, 2 views PA and lateral from .
A large pleural air collection is present on the right. Mediastinum is shifted to the left as compared to the previous examination. The right lower lobe is totally opaque. Large right pneumothorax with associated complete collapse of the right lower lobe. dyspnea Comparison , .
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with . Chest x-, .
Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Calcified right hilar lymph noted. No acute abnormality. -year-old with chest pain. , .
Increasing cardiomegaly. No effusions. Minimal interstitial edema. and dyspnea
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with shortness of breath
Lungs are free of infiltrates. However, in the left lower lobe there is a 1 cm diameter nodule that is not calcified. The right lung is clear. The heart, , and mediastinum are normal. No acute disease. Left lower lobe nodule of uncertain identity. Chest CT may be of further . level Veriphy message sent. recurrent pneumonia
Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with for 6 months. None available.
PA and lateral views were obtained. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. If patient's symptoms persist recommend repeat study chest in one . for 2 ,
There is a moderate right-sided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3.3 cm in the right apex. There is a minimally displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture and probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Left lung is clear. 1. Moderate right-sided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3.3 cm in the right apex. 2. Minimally displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture. None available
No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Borderline cardiomegaly. Minimal retrocardiac airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact. Bony structures appear intact. Minimal retrocardiac airspace disease. -year-old, MVC None available
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There minimal degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with chest pain. Vomiting and diarrhea. The patient was shielded.
Normal heart size and normal mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. No of pleural effusions. No infiltrates. Normal X- of chest. Chest pain. .
Prominent interstitial markings. There are small bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax or focal consolidation. Normal heart size. Catheter tubing present in the upper midabdomen. There is bilateral acromioclavicular degenerative joint disease, right greater than left. Small bilateral pleural effusions. . The patient is a -year-old male with chronic shortness of breath. None.
No evidence of tuberculosis. Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Calcified 5 mm right midlung granuloma and right hilar granulomas. History of rheumatoid arthritis rule out tuberculosis before immunosuppression
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. toothache and chest None.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No lobar pneumonia , Rule out pneumonia None.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. There are no acute infiltrates, effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities. Normal chest x- dyspnea Chest x-, 2 views from .
Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute bony abnormality is identified. There is slightly increased opacity of the right base compared to the left which may minimal right basilar airspace disease, in the right middle lobe. The left lung is clear. No pneumothorax or effusion identified. Minimal right basilar airspace disease, right middle lobe. -year-old woman, 8-1/2 months pregnant, with dyspnea and chest pain. None.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Stable calcification in the left upper lobe, representing a granuloma. No focal airspace opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. No radiographic evidence of metastatic disease. -year-old male, history of T4 supraglottic squamous cell carcinoma. Chest x- ,
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. sob , .
The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. No evidence of active disease. -year-old male with None available
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Stable left mid lung granuloma. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, nausea, vomiting. PA and lateral views of the chest dated .
Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Unavailable
Lateral view, over the lingula, there is a 7mm diameter uncalcified nodule of uncertain origin. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. Mild tortuosity aorta is redemonstrated. 1. 7mm non calcified nodule, in appearance, recommend CT chest without contrast. The patient is a -year-old female with history of tobacco use, chronic nonproductive .
The cardiac contours are normal. scarring left base. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute preoperative process. Preop anesthesia for temporal cancer. None.
No comparison chest x-. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Barrett's esophagus.
Compared to , there is a left subpulmonic pleural effusion which is better appreciated of . There is stable right basilar scarring without focal acute infiltrate. No pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. There are postsurgical changes of the abdomen. History of renal cell carcinoma in . Shortness of breath. Patient taking antibiotic for possible pneumonia.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Chronic appearing interstitial marking. Right upper lobe granuloma, stable The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative changes of the spine. 1. Chronic changes without acute process Syncope and right elbow pain after falling
A strandy infiltrate has developed in the left lower lobe. Right lung is clear. Heart size remains normal. Patchy left lower lobe infiltrate and focal atelectasis, consistent with pneumonitis. dyspnea , .
Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Infection/. Chest pain. None.
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. Stable bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph . A bullet is present in the posterior soft tissues of the left chest wall, stable compared to prior examination. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old male, preop history of .. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. Left chest pain. Right rib pain. None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. There are postsurgical changes of the left breast. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. chronic ; left mastectomy
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Mild degenerative changes are present within the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain CT chest ,
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Calcified granuloma in the left midlung. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with pain left upper back
Intact sternotomy and CABG markers. Calcified granulomas. Heart size is normal. No focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. T-spine degenerative changes. Postsurgical changes of CABG without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Altered mental status ,
The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Multiple healed bilateral rib fractures. No acute bony abnormality is identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. , decreased breath sounds at bases.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . The patient is a -year-old who is expansion shortness of breath, , chest pain and . None available.
Lungs are hyperexpanded. No infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size normal. No change calcified left hilar and left small granuloma. change. COPD with no acute disease. , .
There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. There is patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. There are opacities in the right mid lung, subsegmental atelectasis. No significant pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. 1. Patchy left lower lobe airspace disease, possibly atelectasis or pneumonia. 2. Right mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. Hypoxia
The lungs are clear. There is no pneumonia. The heart and pulmonary are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours appear normal. Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence of pneumonia.
The heart and mediastinal contours are stable. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. year old short of breath and cholecystitis. PA and lateral chest .
Heart size appears enlarged. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. Low volume study without definite acute process. 2. Mild cardiomegaly. Hemoptysis None available.
No acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Prominence of superior mediastinal, superimposed structures. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild bibasilar atelectasis. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with . Preop examination. Chest radiograph on .
Redemonstration of the left basilar patchy atelectasis, unchanged from last exam. Lungs are otherwise clear. No evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions present. There is a focal calcified nodules in the left upper lung, stable in appearance from of . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. No suspicion bony destruction identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Pt is pre-op R carotid artery repair; //SOB; no Hx smoking; L carotid artery repair in ; pt has both operated on for rotator .
The lungs are hyperexpanded, consistent with COPD. Mild cardiomegaly. No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease. No focal lung consolidation. COPD. -year-old with dyspnea. None.
Prominent interstitial markings. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Prominent interstitial markings, represent bronchiolitis. No focal areas of consolidation. . year old female, chest pain. PA lateral views of the chest dated .
Chest: Three total images. The heart size is within normal limits. Mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. No abnormal mediastinal widening is appreciated. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is an S-shaped curvature of the thoracolumbar spine and a mild kyphosis at the thoraco lumbar junction without clear deformity identified. Left shoulder: There is a mildly comminuted fracture at the junction of the middle and lateral thirds of the left clavicle, the distal most fragment is displaced superiorly approximately 25% bone width. Glenohumeral alignment appears preserved without dislocation and no additional acute fractures are seen. There is mild superior subluxation of the humerus on the glenoid which suggests reflect chronic rotator pathology; dysmorphic ossification superolateral to the humeral head reflecting calcific tendinitis. Syncope, from ladder
Clear lungs. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Syncope. .
PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. The lungs are well aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. 174.6
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest . None.
the heart size is normal. There is tortuosity of aorta. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. No focal airspace disease or effusion. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Tortuous aorta, otherwise unremarkable exam. Preop right breast surgery
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. There are multiple calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female with COPD and left pleuritic chest pain. None.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with weakness and shortness of breath. Possible dehydration. Two views of the chest dated .
The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. No radiographic evidence for active tuberculosis a . Positive PPD None.
There is a prominent calcified head to the right anterior first rib. The aorta is tortuous. There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 401.1 HYPERTENSION, no chest symptoms, pt will be entering an assisted living facility None available.
Low lung volumes. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact. Left humeral head bone anchors. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with onset of . None available.
Heart size mildly to moderately enlarged, distal tip dual-lumen catheter near the caval atrial junction. Mild vascular cephalization, no definite interstitial changes of pulmonary edema, no focal alveolar consolidation. No pleural effusion demonstrated. 1. Mild to moderate cardiomegaly. 2. Vascular redistribution without definite findings of pulmonary edema -year-old female, short of breath, SVT
Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures grossly intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with . None available.
Cardiomegaly is noted. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. There is perihilar prominence and interstitial opacification. Stable cardiomegaly with prominent perihilar opacities which may represent scarring or edema. -year-old female with and chest pain
Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with chest pain. None available.
1. There is cardiomegaly. No pulmonary edema. Lungs symmetrically aerated and clear of infiltrate or consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. S-shaped curvature thoracic spine noted. 2. Left upper quadrant peripherally calcified focus 3.8 splenic and origin and may represent benign cyst but is not to be further localized or characterized on film. Vascular aneurysm would be possible but thought less . -year-old female preoperative for spinal surgery 14, . No chest complains. CT thoracic spine , ; films of spine , .
The lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Calcified granuloma is identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. 1. Hyperexpanded lungs. The pattern suggests emphysema. 2. No evidence of acute disease. Dyspnea on exertion.
Stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. The lungs remain grossly clear, aside from mild biapical pleural-peripheral scarring and minimal chronic interstitial changes. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with . .
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Chest pain. Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral ,
Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute findings. Back pain and hemoptysis. None.
Mild dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance. Pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. Lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation of the to be grossly intact 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. , dyspnea None.
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. vocal cord paralysis. CT chest
Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Low lung volumes with minimal left basilar opacities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. Minimal left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. Low lung volumes. distress none
Winged right scapula consistent with supporting structure soft tissue injury. No visible fractures. No visible cardiopulmonary injury. shoulder dislocation
Allowing for underpenetration, the lungs appear clear and the cardiac silhouette within normal limits. C7 2.83
No gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. No pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. is intact. 1. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. Chest pain status post MVA. Male, 53 years. Two-view chest x- dated ,
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. Negative chest x-. Nightsweats for 3 months None.
The lungs are hyperexpanded. The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal airspace opacities, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. A calcific density in the left midlung zone represents old granulomatous disease. No acute bony abnormalities. Hyperexpanded lungs with no focal airspace disease. -year-old male with abdominal pain. Chest x- and lateral from .
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. External monitor leads the thorax. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain. None.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute disease. Chest pain, pneumothorax. ,
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is Stable. Calcified AP lymph are seen. A small right-sided pleural effusion versus thickening. Right inferior rib deformities. Stable blunting of right costophrenic with small pleural effusion versus thickening and associated healed right rib deformities. F/U AFTER SBRT FOR HCC;
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. No acute cardiopulmonary disease.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear.
PICC catheter tip mid SVC. Heart size normal. Lungs clear. PICC catheter placement
Central vascular prominence and diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities. Left basilar airspace opacities. No pneumothorax. Heart size large. unremarkable. No large pleural effusion. pulmonary edema and left basilar atelectasis/airspace disease. -year-old female end-stage renal disease, peripheral edema and shortness of breath. , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Low lung volumes, otherwise clear. -year-old female. Chest pain and shortness of breath for one year. Left arm pain. , .
Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Minimal degenerative spurring of midthoracic spine. No effusion, pneumonia, nodules or masses.
The lungs are clear. The heart pulmonary are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease Chest pain at
Stable appearance of lower cervical fusion . Heart size normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No focal airspace disease. Calcified nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. DISH of the thoracic spine. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old male with and possible TB exposure.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with a . Two views of the chest .
Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal heart. Trachea is midline. Normal chest exam. Persistent . None.
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. There is a small retrocardiac density which may be secondary to small hiatal hernia. Left IJ catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. No pneumothorax is seen. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. SWEATS X 3 WEEKS;
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. chest pain , .
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Clear lungs. cp
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Streaky perihilar opacities. Peribronchial cuffing also noted. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal . Findings most suggestive of infectious or reactive small airways disease. No focal pneumonia. -year-old female. Chest pain. None.
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal. There is calcification of the thoracic aorta. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. No evidence of pneumonia.
Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. The lungs remain hyperexpanded. There are biapical opacities, stable from the prior study. No focal airspace consolidation. No significant pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. 1. No focal airspace consolidation. 2. Emphysema. 3. Stable biapical opacities, possibly scarring. -year-old male, preoperative evaluation for heart valve repair.
Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. There are changes of chronic lung disease noticed by hyperinflated lungs and streaky opacities compatible with scar. Interval placement of the chest with the tip in the superior . No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified. Chronic changes with no acute cardiopulmonary disease.
The patient is rotated. The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No focal airspace opacities. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. year old male with chest pain. Chest x- and lateral from .
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. There is a rounded lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view, suggestive of small hiatal hernia. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine seen. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Small hiatal hernia noted. year-old woman, routine physical. .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. and for 3 days None available.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. 1. No evidence of active disease. Breast cancer.
Crowded bronchovascular markings in the hilar and perihilar region, right lower lung zones. Low lung volumes. No noncalcified pulmonary nodules seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No small heart size. There is a right diaphragmatic hump. The soft tissues seen in the left cardiophrenic , could represent an ectatic descending aorta or hiatal hernia. Visualized of the chest are within normal limits. Degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, abnormal involuntary movements, . Shortness of breath, .
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Negative chest . Presyncope
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No evidence of active tuberculosis. No acute disease. +PPD
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. scoliosis. Clear lungs. AML/bone marrow transplant workup
Soft tissue neck. The airway is . No laryngeal edema. Laryngeal intact. Cervical spine intact. Chest. The heart is large. Diffuse parahilar and alveolar consolidations are present. Bilateral costophrenic blunting is present. 1. Soft tissue neck negative. 2. Chest. Heart failure with pulmonary alveolar edema and pleural effusion. Hypoxia.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Cholecystectomy clips are present. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. None available.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Lungs are hyperexpanded without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain
Severe emphysematous disease is again noted. Multifocal areas of scarring are unchanged in appearance. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Stable findings consistent with severe emphysema. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with dyspnea
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No evidence of active disease. Kidney transplant evaluation.
The heart size and pulmonary vascular appear within normal limits. The lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. Calcified lymph and granuloma are noted. No acute appearing focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. 1. Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema. No evidence of active disease. Chronic airway obstruction.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Mild chronic degenerative changes are present in the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with dyspnea Chest radiograph , at p.m.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. . 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Stabbing right upper abdominal pain None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative changes of the spine.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Right leg fracture, preop None available.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal . Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old male. Chest pain. Anxiety. None.
There is a near spherical shaped calcification projecting over the right upper quadrant, apparently within the anterior-superior aspect of liver, measuring approximately 6 cm in diameter. This may represent a calcified hepatic cyst. Could be further evaluated with CT if clinically indicated. Slight elevation of right hemidiaphragm with some mild right basilar hypoventilation. Overall clear lungs. Normal mediastinal contour. No effusions. Kidney transplant evaluation No comparison chest x-.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is prominent with calcification within the aorta. Azygos lobe is noted. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes noted in the spine. Prominent transverse aorta. Otherwise clear. Hypertension. None.
The lungs remain hyperexpanded. No masses or infiltrates in the lungs. No pleural or mediastinal air collections. Heart size normal. Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with no acute findings. Chest pain.
Heart size is within normal limits. Trachea is midline. The lung volumes are slightly on the low side. Lungs are otherwise clear without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No focal consolidations. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. , edema in
There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. There is no focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. The cardiomediastinal contours is grossly normal in size and contour. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old with shortness of breath. Evaluate for malignancy. CT chest , .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. and None available
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female with chest pain. PA and lateral chest x- dated .
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Multiple calcified granulomas identified bilaterally. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with chronic , wheeze, tachycardia.. Single view chest radiograph dated , .
Chest. A minimally displaced fracture is present on right rib 4. The small amount of pleural fluid is deep to the fracture. No pleural air collection. Both lungs clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Note of a levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. Right shoulder. , soft tissues, and alignment are normal. Right humerus. and soft tissues are intact. 1. Chest. Right 4th rib fracture. No cardiopulmonary injury. No pleural air collection. 2. Right shoulder negative. 3. Right humerus negative.
Comparison , . Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest. ,786.59 CHEST PAIN T SPINE CXR
Frontal and lateral views demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette to be within normal limits. There is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. The lungs are clear. No effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax. 1. Stable normal chest x-. Chest pain. .
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality identified. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old woman with . Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
There has been interval performance of CABG with multiple sternotomy , surgical clips, and CABG markers. All of the sternotomy are broken, and a fragment at a sternotomy appears to within the left posterior pleural space. Stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. Relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm noted. No acute bony abnormality. Cardiomegaly with surgical changes of CABG, with numerous broken sternotomy and a sternotomy fragment noted in the posterior left pleural space. -year-old with dyspnea on exertion, . .. AP chest radiograph dated , ..
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female with chest pain. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Left-sided chest pain x2 days. None.
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. posterior right rib pain
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. cp , .
Cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact. There is a mild dextro scoliotic curvature of the midthoracic spine. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. . -year-old male, MVC. None.
The heart is normal in size. The cardiomediastinal contours are stable. There are stable bilateral pleural effusions with partial right-sided loculation. Biapical scarring and pleural thickening appears stable. There is again right-sided superior hilar retraction and mild rightward deviation. No acute infiltrate is appreciated. 1. Stable bilateral pleural effusions and pleural thickening, right worse than left, with mild right-sided loculation. 2. Stable appearance of right apical thickening/atelectasis with volume loss, possibly related to prior radiation or surgery. Suggest clinical correlation. METASTATIC TESTICULAR CANCER
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Right pleural effusion is present and appears increased. No pneumothorax is identified. Some scattered of right base atelectasis are seen. Surgical remain in . The left lung appears clear. 1. Small right pleural effusion. Increased. 2. No pneumothorax is seen. 3. Scattered of right base atelectasis. Esophageal carcinoma. .
Heart size mildly enlarged for technique. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old female, pain
No comparison chest x-. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. HYPERTENSION;
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Negative chest x-. No evidence of pneumonia. . ,
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with shortness of breath. .
No focal lung consolidation. A density overlying the left costophrenic is due to overlying soft tissues. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Postop patient with None.
Lungs are clear. A calcified small granuloma is present in the left lower lobe. Heart size normal. Mediastinum normal. No active disease. -
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Minimal blunting of the costophrenic . No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, dyspnea. Chest x- ,
Normal heart size. Aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. Right IJ central venous catheter tip in region of mid SVC. There are 2 AICD leads, one tip in expected region of right atrium and one tip in expected region of right ventricle. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. There is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. . rectal cancer None.
The heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothorax. The are grossly intact. Degenerative T-spine osteophytes. No acute visualized cardiopulmonary abnormality. year old with prostate cancer, no chest complaints. None available.
Large left lower lobe opacity is present. There does not appear to be significant mediastinal shift. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette is not definitively identified and not fully evaluated. The mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Large left lower lobe opacity represents a large layering pleural effusion. Right lung is clear. History hypertension, high cholesterol, 58 with persistent .
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Minimal streaky atelectasis the left lung base. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with onset /
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is right greater than left biapical bullous emphysema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Syncope. None.
Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Dyspnea.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No change right anterior soft tissue surgical clips. Configuration of breast shadows on the PA view suggests prior right lumpectomy. No active disease. chronic with 30 lbs wt loss , .
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with chest pain involved in MVA.
Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. The visualized bony structures appear intact. There is a radiodensity overlying the right shoulder which is external to the patient however clinical correlation recommended. Scattered calcified granulomas. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No fracture visualized. -year-old female status post downstairs with left hip pain. None available.
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes with hypoventilatory changes. The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Surgical clips are seen in the upper abdomen. No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated. Low lung volumes without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Shortness of breath. None.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. with joint pain, weakness None.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. ..
Status post midline sternotomy with intact . Stable mild cardiomegaly. Normal lung vascularity. The lungs are clear. Stable postop changes with stable mild cardiomegaly and normal lung vascularity. Status post surgery .
Stable minimal cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear. No pneumonia. Minimal degenerative spurring thoracic spine preop chest repair. .
Normal heart size. Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female, onset dyspnea and wheezing Portable chest over 17
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. CHEST PAIN , .
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is bilateral hyperinflation, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Mildly hyperinflated, clear lungs. -year-old with shortness of breath, .. None.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Heart size is normal. Stable right paratracheal prominence, consistent with known calcified lymph node, seen on prior CT chest dated . are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain Chest 2 views PA and lateral , p.m., CT chest without contrast
The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary disease INDICATION: PAIN; coming to xray scan.
Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No visible pneumothorax . right pleural effusion blunting posterior costophrenic . There is a of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base. There is alveolar airspace disease in the medial right lung base. Multilevel degenerative disease of the visualized portions of the thoracolumbar spine. 1. Cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema. 2. right medial basilar airspace disease. 3. Left lower lobe subsegmental atelectasis. MVC, leukocytosis, productive . CT chest outside institution : HCH
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Preoperative for knee arthroscopy. , .
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. for 3 , x2 years ,
Normal heart size. The lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The trachea is midline and . No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Pain with inspiration. . None.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are hyperexpanded. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with a . PA and lateral chest .
Lung volumes are mildly decreased. The cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. There is bilateral lower lobe airspace opacities compatible with discoid atelectasis. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bilateral lower lobe focal atelectasis. . History of 's disease
Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No radiographic evidence of metastatic disease in the chest. Pancreatic mass. Evaluate for . None.
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Multiple calcified granulomas in the bilateral and lung parenchyma. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. h/o HTN with headache and dyspnea additionally today
Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. opacities reflecting atelectasis versus bronchovascular crowding. Bronchovascular crowding versus atelectasis within the right lung base otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Shortness of breath with productive Chest radiograph from , .
opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse compared to prior study. Lung volumes are low. Heart size and pulmonary are normal. There no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. The patient is status post sternotomy. There calcifications of the thoracic aorta. 1. Worsening bibasilar subpleural interstitial opacities suggestive of interstitial lung disease. High-resolution would be recommended to evaluate these findings 2. No evidence of acute pneumonia ,786.2 cxr
Unchanged cardiomegaly. There is continued interstitial prominence bilaterally. Unchanged vascular appearance. There is patchy retrocardiac opacity. Negative for pneumothorax. Unchanged appearance of the chest with interstitial prominence the differential of which is but could include interstitial edema, infectious process or interstitial disease. This is a -year-old with a history of congestive heart failure and back pain.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain right arm pain
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Dyspnea. None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with epigastric pain.. None.
Normal heart size. Prominent contour of the ascending aorta, consistent with ectasia. Normal mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, abdominal pain Sternum radiograph ,
Heart size near top normal limits for technique. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process. No acute findings -year-old male, chest pain
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute findings -year-old male,
No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease Chest pain, shortness of breath and
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative disease of multiple midthoracic vertebral bodies. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with a . None.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There has been a sternotomy. The heart is not enlarged. Some atherosclerotic changes of the aorta are seen. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. Dizziness for few months ,
Left PICC line and NG tube remain in . Heart size and vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Small bilateral pleural effusions are present. No pneumothorax is noted. 1. Small bilateral pleural effusions. Chest pain. .
Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild levocurvature of thoracic spine. A 9 mm pulmonary nodule is noted partially overlying the posterior 6th right rib on the frontal view. No acute abnormality. -year-old , . None.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. /wheeze None.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Negative chest . Chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Sequela of prior granulomatous disease Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine. 1. Low volume study without acute process. Altered mental status, falling
No comparison chest x-. No evidence of active tuberculosis. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. 716.81 OTHER ARTHROPATHY SHOULDER V74.1 SCREENING FOR PULMONARY TB
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Surgical clips again seen overlying the superior mediastinum.There is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen. 1. Mild hypoinflation without acute disease. 2. Retrocardiac density compatible with hiatal hernia. Breast cancer
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. There is redemonstration of complete opacification of the right middle lobe no significant associated volume loss. The left lung appears clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. The thoracic spine appears intact. 1. Stable right middle lobe consolidation, most consistent with pneumonia. -year-old female with a history of pneumonia presents for followup. Comparison is no acute chest examination dated .
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes mild bibasilar atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. The lateral views are limited by patient positioning and motion. Large cervical spine osteophytes. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Technically limited exam. 3. Incidental note of large cervical spine osteophytes. . -year-old male, , ladder 6 feet. None available.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. Pacemaker leads are within the right atrium and ventricle. Lungs demonstrate there is right lower lobe airspace disease and small effusion suspicious for pneumonia. Left lung is clear. There is no pneumothorax. 1. Right lower lobe airspace disease and small effusion probably representing pneumonia. Status post pacemaker implantation. .
The heart size is normal with stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are stable calcified right peritracheal lymph . The osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old female with right-sided chest tenderness. PA and lateral chest radiographs
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Low lung volumes, otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, chest pain shortness of breath. Unavailable
Normal heart size mediastinal contours. Subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Low lung volumes. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. 1. Low lung volumes with patchy bilateral scarring versus atelectasis. 2. Otherwise, no acute or pulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, chest pain dyspnea after . None available
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. The stomach contour normal. There is right hemidiaphragm elevation. Lungs are clear. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. Right hemidiaphragm elevation. No acute cardiopulmonary process. CHF None.
Heart size upper limits of normal. The infrahilar pulmonary markings appear slightly prominent bilaterally, which represents appearance for the patient but difficult to completely exclude some reactive airway/bronchitic changes in the absence of comparison radiographs.. No airspace consolidation or lobar atelectasis. No effusions or edema. Mediastinal contour unremarkable. ,585.9 chronic renal insuffcieny No comparison chest x-.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Mild levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Suspected artifact over the bilateral neck soft tissues and supraclavicular fossae. Normal . Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. Chest pain. , .
Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Central left midlung granuloma with calcified left hilar adenopathy. Bony structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with chest pain. None available.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old , , shortness of breath None.
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, , .
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. , .
Interval resolution of the left pleural effusion. Lungs are grossly clear. Postsurgical changes from CABG are noted. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities are visualized. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chronic , history pleural effusion, COPD. ,
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal . Negative. -year-old male. Chest pain. None.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Pectus carinatum is noted. Calcified lymph and granuloma are noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Mild deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine. 1. No evidence of active disease. 2. Evidence of previous granulomatous infection. 3. Pectus carinatum. Renal cell carcinoma. .
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Hemoptysis. None available.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with chest pain intermittently over the last 2 weeks. Two views of the chest dated .
The lungs are hypoinflated. There is focal airspace disease in the right lung base concerning for pneumonia or aspiration. There is minimal airspace disease in the left lung base, atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. Congestion, abdominal distention. History of and right-sided paralysis. None.
No active cardiopulmonary disease. PAIN , . No change in the levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. Both lungs remain clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum are normal.
The heart is mildly enlarged. The mediastinal contours are stable. The lungs are clear. Mild stable cardiomegaly, no acute disease. Hypertension, cardiac murmur
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Negative chest . for one .
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute pulmonary disease. sob
Cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity stable and within normal limits. Lung volumes are slightly low. There are streaky left basal opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings. No free air is demonstrated. Streaky left basilar airspace opacities, which could reflect atelectasis and/or infection. Abdominal pain
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute findings -year-old female, chest pain
The heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. There is a moderate hiatal hernia. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. No effusion or pneumothorax. 1. Stable appearance of the chest with moderate hiatal hernia. No acute pulmonary disease. year old by ambulance for chest pain. PA and lateral chest .
Mild hyperinflation, air trapping versus inspiratory . No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. Heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. -year-old male,
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest hemoptysis.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal chest
Stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. Increased interstitial lung markings are seen, possibly due to volume overload. There is improved aeration of the lung bases with small residual left basilar effusion. No focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Stable tunneled dialysis catheter. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Stable cardiomegaly. Improved aeration of lung bases with persistent left basilar effusion. Prominent interstitium, possibly due to mild volume overload. . -year-old female with history of leukocytosis.
The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The mediastinum and perihilar appear unremarkable. A lumen catheter is seen overlying the right chest and entering from subclavian approach. The tip is noted in the superior inferiorly. No pneumothorax identified. The lungs appear clear. Few calcified granulomata are noted incidentally. Osseous structures appear to be within normal limits. Previously seen left-sided PICC line has been removed. This is a -year-old male patient with reported bleeding from the . Chest x-, , .
Left noted with tip approximating the high SVC, stable. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal limits. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old female, bone marrow transplant workup. Portable chest dated .
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. convexity also present on the previous exam. No acute findings -year-old male, pain
There are intact midline sternotomy and postsurgical changes of prior CABG. The aorta is unfolded. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old male with dyspnea. None available.
Heart size is within normal limits. No edema. Bandlike scarring in the right base. No pleural effusion, lobar consolidation or pneumothorax. Multiple coarse calcifications in the epigastrium are seen on the lateral radiograph, not well localized on the frontal image. Could represent pancreatic parenchymal calcifications of chronic pancreatitis or old granulomatous sequela. EtOH, diabetes, altered mental status
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Large hiatal hernia is present. Osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine. Vascular calcification is noted. Degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder. 1. Large hiatal hernia. 2. Clear lungs. loss.
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Calcified bilateral lung and perihilar granulomas. The lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.. are intact without acute osseous abnormality. Chest radiograph. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with . None.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute preoperative findings Preop anesthesia None.
The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia or active tuberculous infection. Normal heart size and mediastinal silhouette. No edema. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Positive PPD, no complaints
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Specifically, no evidence of pleural effusion or hilar or mediastinal adenopathy. -year-old female, followup pleural effusion and lymphadenopathy. PA and lateral view the chest from .
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings. Prostate cancer None.
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The patient is status post CABG. A few opacities are present in the left base, the appearance which scarring or atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. opacities in the left base, the appearance which scarring or atelectasis. Otherwise, clear. Bone marrow transplant workup. None.
Chest: The heart is enlarged. There may be a pericardial effusion. No definite pulmonary edema is seen. Lungs appear clear. There is no pleural effusion. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. KUB : single view of the abdomen was obtained. The bowel pattern is nonspecific. There is no evidence for obstruction or free intraperitoneal air. No large soft tissue masses or organomegaly are identified. The skeletal structures appear normal. Chest. 1. Cardiomegaly with possible pericardial effusion. 2. No evidence for pulmonary edema or pneumonitis. KUB. 1. Nonspecific abdomen. Difficulty breathing for one . Right lower quadrant pain for 2 months.
There is borderline cardiomegaly. Mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. No pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. Borderline cardiomegaly. Otherwise unremarkable exam. -year-old male with history of mitral valve
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest No evidence of tuberculosis tuberculosis +PPD None.
Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. There is dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. Multiple thoracic deformities appear unchanged. There is no displaced rib fracture identified. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Stable changes of chronic lung disease with flattening of the left hemidiaphragm. There is mild right basilar airspace disease which may represent atelectasis versus infiltrate. 1. No acute posttraumatic finding. 2. Mild right basilar airspace consolidation may represent atelectasis versus infiltrate. 3. Changes of chronic lung disease. -year-old female status post . , .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Calcified right paratracheal lymph are seen. Aorta is atherosclerotic. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated without focal consolidation. There is no pleural effusion. No acute disease. Colorectal mass, evaluate for lung mass
Bilateral calcified granulomas. No acute airspace disease. No effusions. Heart size upper limits of normal. Unremarkable mediastinal contour. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. ,786.2 and fatigue No comparison chest x-.
AP and lateral views were obtained. Bibasilar atelectasis and small left-sided pleural effusion. Stable cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax. Mild pulmonary vascular congestion. Dyspnea seen impression
Device compatible tracheostomy is in , with tip approximately 5-6 centimeters above carina. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. DIABETES; Pt to have throat surgery. No comparison chest x-.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. There are emphysematous changes with increased interstitial markings, particularly in the periphery and lung bases. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. There is no pleural effusion. Emphysema with increased lung markings markings, possibly superimposed chronic lung disease/fibrosis. Nonproductive
The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no focal opacity. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. . PA and lateral view of the chest from , .
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidations. The osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Emphysematous changes of the lungs. -year-old female with chronic bronchitis. None.
Cardiac and mediastinal appear normal. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. . -year-old female history of , chills and difficulty breathing for 10 days. None.
The cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is minimal atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is a small calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated. 1. Minimal left basilar atelectasis or scar. 2. No acute, displaced rib fractures demonstrated. . Left rib pain starting yesterday. Using crutches for broken foot. None.
Lung volumes remain low. No infiltrates. Heart and pulmonary are normal. change. Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Continued exacerbations , .
Soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. Heart size is upper limit of normal. Lung are clear. No effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified lymph stable from prior exam. No active disease. female with , RUQ pain. PA and lateral dated
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with shortness of breath None available
The lungs appear clear. There are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. The heart and pulmonary appear normal. Mediastinal contours appear normal. There's no pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. INDICATION: EVALUATE FOR METASTATIC DISEASE; Pre op for nephrectomy
Heart size upper limits normal. Mediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No edema, focal airspace consolidation, or pneumothorax. pleural effusion versus minimal pleural thickening bilaterally. Eight weeks pregnant, chest pain
No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Soft tissues are within normal limits. Normal heart size. Stable elevation right hemidiaphragm compared to exam on . Bilateral hilar lymph . No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. Bibasilar atelectasis. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old woman with chest pain Chest radiograph on .
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There are multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain, shortness of breath. None.
No active disease. TB INACTIVE V12.01
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. There is aortic vascular calcification. And there is a hyper left lung calcified granuloma. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. There are vascular and skeletal senescent changes. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Withdrawal from Xanax. None.
1. All lines and tubes in stable , position. 2. Limited portable study with stable appearance of lung with stable widened mediastinum 3. No acute findings/pneumothorax noted. HYPOXIA;
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Calcified aortic . opacities in the left lung base, atelectasis. The lateral view shows a left pleural effusion. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax. Stable bilateral apical pleural capping. 1. Small left pleural effusion. -year-old male, Chest x-
Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Low lung volumes. Unremarkable examination of the chest. x2 weeks. Chest pain. None available
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with . .
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. There are stable degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with chest pain. .
Normal cardiomediastinal silhouettes. Mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. Stable appearance of scarring at lung bases. Prominent bilateral interstitial opacities are chronic in . No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormality. Chest radiograph. Stable emphysematous changes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain. Chest radiograph of .
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute findings -year-old male,
Cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Clear lung bilaterally. 1. Cardiomegaly. -year-old female with chest pain. None.
The cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal There is no evidence of pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax. Clear lungs There are no large pleural effusions No evidence of displaced fractures. 1. No evidence of pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. 2. Clear lungs.
Heart size normal. No fibrosis. Right apical and left base 5 mm calcified granulomas. Calcified hilar lymph . No effusions. History chest x- to receiving -TNF.
Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal clips, left base pleural-parenchymal irregularity compatible with scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Chronic appearing left rib contour irregularities may be posttraumatic or postsurgical. No acute findings -year-old female, dyspnea
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Degenerative changes of the . Tortuous aorta. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with history of edema.
Heart size normal. Sternotomy and bypass grafting. Lungs are clear. No effusions, edema, or pneumonia.
Stable , including elongation of the left ventricle and tortuous thoracic aorta. Subcarinal calcified lymph . lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality. Negative for acute abnormality. Left ventricular enlargement. Tortuous thoracic aorta. -year-old male. Chest pain. , .
Slight basilar prominence of lung markings most representing some mild chronic inflammatory change. No acute airspace disease or effusions. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. EVALUATE FOR DISEASE; No comparison chest x-.
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . Chest 2 views. .
Lungs are clear. Heart is normal size. Trachea is midline. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. History of tubal pregnancy. Spinal pain. No known . None.
The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old male with dyspnea chest pain. None.
Clear lungs bilaterally. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal cardiac contour. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain. None.
The heart is not enlarged. The bilateral pulmonary arteries appear enlarged. The lungs are hyperexpanded the hemidiaphragms are flattened. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. 1. Pulmonary emphysema. 2. Large bilateral pulmonary arteries suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. 3. No suspicious nodules or are identified. COPD, previous None available.
Blunting of the costophrenic represents scarring. No pleural effusion is identified on the lateral view. There is no focal consolidation. No pneumothorax is present. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits are in the pulmonary vasculature is normal. Scarring at the lateral costophrenic . Otherwise no significant radiographic abnormality. -year-old male to evaluate for metastatic disease. None.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. There are calcified right hilar granulomas. There is mild thoracic dextroscoliosis. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The patient is a -year-old female with hypertension. CT urogram
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There are diminished lung volumes with atelectasis. The cardiac silhouette is unchanged. There is mild to moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Thoracic spondylosis is again seen. Low lung volumes with minimal bibasilar atelectasis. Overall no significant interval change. Dyspnea, and chills. .
There is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. This appears from the prior study. The lungs otherwise appear clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Heart size and mediastinal contour appear within normal limits. 1. No acute traumatic findings. 2. Right upper lobe 6 mm nodular opacity. This may be artifactual secondary to overlapping vascular structures. However, true pulmonary nodule is a possibility. This appears from . Consider further evaluation with dedicated PA and lateral chest radiographs the patient is . vehicle collision Chest radiograph
Well circumscribed 11 mm right upper lobe nodule, unchanged appearance from previous examination 7 years ago. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. Redemonstrated syndesmophyte. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The patient is a year-old old male with chest pain.
Heart size borderline enlarged. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No focal airspace disease. Low lung volumes. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. Mild degenerative disease of the thoracic spine. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old female with hyperviscosity syndrome, rule out infiltrate , p.m.
The heart size is normal. There is vascular congestion in bilateral hilar areas. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. No acute bony abnormalities. No effusion or infiltrate. No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. 1. Hyperexpanded lungs. 2. Otherwise normal chest x-. . None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Biapical fibronodular pleural thickening/scarring. There is a like deformity of the anterior cortex of the body (lateral view). Negative for retrosternal density. Prior cholecystectomy. Critical result notification documented through Primordial. Buckling deformity of the anterior cortex of the body. Fracture is possible, if high energy was localized to this region. Correlate with focal tenderness. chest, if warranted. -year-old female. Chest pain after . None.
Patient is status post CABG. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma is noted. No evidence of active disease. Bladder cancer
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissue is unremarkable. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with and COPD
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. Osseous structures intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, dizziness.
Stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Bilateral calcified hilar/perihilar lymph . Left lateral lung calcified granuloma. Lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute osseous abnormality. Chest radiograph. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with shortness of breath. CT chest on . Chest radiograph .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No evidence of active disease Positive PPD
There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Soft tissue structures are within normal limits. Normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. The lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old woman with chest pain. None.
Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified. 1. No acute abnormality. 2. No evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis. -year-old woman, positive PPD. None.
onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease and effusion suggestive of the chest infection. Stable cardiomegaly and features of CABG. Interval removal of left PICC line, no pneumothorax. onset right basal chest infection ,786.39 coughing up sputum blood streaked Chest x- of
Density in the left upper lung on PA represents superimposed bony and vascular structures. There is calcification of the first rib costicartilage junction which contributes to this appearance. The lungs otherwise appear clear. The heart and pulmonary appear normal. In the pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contour is normal. There are degenerative changes of thoracic spine. There is an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall with intact distal leads in the right heart. 1. Irregular density in the left upper lung on PA , artifact related to superimposed vascular bony structures. Chest fluoroscopy or would confirm this 2. Otherwise, no acute cardiopulmonary disease. INDICATION: HYPERTENSION;
Heart size is normal. Right lung clear. There is a 3 cm nodular infiltrate in left midlung. This could represent pneumonia or a tumor. Recommend followup radiology until clear. History of asthma. Further history from the ordering physician states that the patient has a productive and symptoms of pneumonia.
Heart normal. Lungs clear. Upper lobe and emphysema. bronchitis
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is mild biapical pleural thickening which is smooth. There is evidence of previous anterior cervical spine fusion. There are degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old chest pain for 1.5 weeks. Pain anteriorly over the lower right chest. AP chest dated .
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Mild patchy right upper lobe opacities, similar to slightly improved from . Left lung clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. Persistent mild right upper lobe infiltrate, similar to slightly improved from . 2. Left lung grossly clear. -year-old male with chest pain. .
Stable appearance of aortic valve prosthesis. Sternotomy . Aortic calcifications. Mild interstitial edema. No focal infiltrate. No effusion or pneumothorax. Mild cardiomegaly. Mild interstitial edema. COPD
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are stable. Aortic calcifications are noted. There are small calcified lymph . Emphysema and chronic changes are identified. There is opacity in the left perihilar upper lobe. There is questionable extension to the pleural surface. This may represent acute infiltrate or developing density. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Left midlung opacity may be secondary to acute infectious process or developing mass lesion. Followup to resolution is recommended. dyspnea ,
No comparison chest x-. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. PAIN;...FWC
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. No acute pulmonary disease. Intermittent asthma. Productive . none
The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Calcified lymph are demonstrated in the left hilum. No focal pulmonary consolidation. Diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, consistent with the patient's history of known pulmonary fibrosis, with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. The thoracic spine appears intact. 1. Redemonstration of diffuse bilateral pulmonary fibrosis with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. No focal pulmonary consolidation. . -year-old male with . Comparison is to examination dated .
Heart size is within normal limits. Aorta is tortuous. Remainder of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No bony abnormalities. No active disease. SX , .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The costophrenic are blunted. The interstitial markings are slightly accentuated suggesting underlying chronic disease/emphysema. No focal consolidation is seen. Mild costophrenic blunting suggesting bilateral pleural effusions and/or thickening. No acute infiltrate. Hx of prostate, kidney cancer. COPD.
Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal chest exam. -year-old chest pain. None.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. Streaky bibasilar opacities, atelectasis. Vague opacity in the right midlung. Scattered calcified granulomas. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. Vague opacity in the right midlung, this could reflect a small focus of atelectasis or infiltrate. Bibasilar airspace opacities, atelectasis. and . None.
There are lower lung volumes. There is central bronchovascular crowding. Volume loss in the medial right upper lobe seen on is not as well-demonstrated on radiography. No lobar consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute abnormality identified. Right-sided chest pain and shortness of breath.
The lungs are hypoventilated. There is no focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with chest pain. None available
Examination was performed with nipple markers. The previously noted small nodule in the right lower lung is not well-seen on today's study and may have been secondary to summation of structures. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are otherwise clear. No acute disease. Previously visualized nodule in right lower lobe not well-seen on today's study, summation artifact. with nipple markers test ca; r/o
2 views of the chest demonstrate sternotomy and mild thoracic dextroscoliosis. Incidental note of an azygos pseudofissure. The heart is mildly enlarged and pulmonary vasculature appears somewhat more prominent on the left than on the right, but the lungs appear clear, with no evidence of pleural effusion. TOF
Calcified thoracic aorta. Mild rightward deviation of the trachea, unchanged from comparison , secondary to a goiter. Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. Advanced degenerative change of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female, preoperative evaluation. Portable chest from .
Stable cardiomegaly. Improved aeration in the left lung base. Right basilar airspace disease is unchanged. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Right internal jugular central line has been removed. Left subclavian line is stable. Hypoxia, aortic stenosis ,
Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits given AP projection. The right lung appears clear. There is minimal patchy atelectasis or early infiltrate in left lung base. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a partially visualized IVC on the lateral view. There are partially visualized surgical changes the cervical spine compatible with prior fusion procedure. Minimal patchy left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate. None available
1. Left PICC in the mid SVC. Negative for pneumothorax. 2. Unchanged bibasilar airspace opacities compatible with pulmonary effusions and atelectasis. Increased interstitial prominence may reflect underlying pulmonary edema possibly secondary to infectious etiology. 3. Stable postsurgical changes of the distal right clavicle. -year-old male post PICC placement Chest radiograph
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Calcified aortic . Calcified granuloma in the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative disc disease the thoracic spine. Coronary artery stent. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, chest pain None available
The heart is again enlarged. Aorta is tortuous. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. Stable cardiomegaly without acute disease. Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta identified. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted. No acute disease. Previous ,shortness of breath x2 months
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the to be grossly intact. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. The previously seen right upper lobe mass lesion is not seen in study. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman, .. CT of the chest dated , .
Interval removal of left-sided chest tube. Small residual left apical pneumothorax has increased slightly in size the prior exam, now measuring approximately 0.9 cm from the thoracic apex. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, chest tube removal. Portable chest , hours
The cardiac silhouette size is at the upper limits of normal. Central vascular markings are mildly prominent. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. 1. Mild central vascular prominence, congestion. Heart size at the upper limits of normal. Shortness of breath
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. Stable 5 mm right midlung perform granuloma preop for surgery surgery on jaw
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. There are extensive fibrotic changes in the right lung with rightward shift of the trachea, similar to the previous exam. The left lung is well-aerated without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. There is left apical pleural-parenchymal scarring. No acute bony findings. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. 2. Extensive fibrotic changes of the right lung, similar to the previous exam. -year-old male with
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with shortness of breath, , wheezing. and two-view chest radiograph dated , .
Normal heart size mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative disc disease in the thoracic spine with osteophyte formation bridging. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female, , starting methotrexate None available
Cardiomegaly is present. This is unchanged. There is mild prominence of the pulmonary vascularity which is unchanged. No focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. 1. Cardiomegaly with mild vascular prominence. No change. Hypertension. .
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. None.
Lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes within the spine. There are expansile changes within the right clavicle which were seen on the previous /CT. Findings are consistent with changes of multiple myeloma. Clear lungs. History of pulmonary embolus 6 weeks ago. /CT
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The posterior costophrenic are excluded on the lateral view. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. History of atrial fibrillation and cardioversion 3 weeks ago, heart . None.
Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable Negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There has been a sternotomy. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. No acute pulmonary disease. Leukocytosis ,
The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable from prior exam. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mediastinal surgical clips are again noted. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain and dyspnea. ,
There may be a subtle airspace opacity in the right base near the midclavicular line. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. Possible area of pneumonitis right lower lobe. Headache bodyaches chest
Lung volumes are decreased from , and there is resultant bronchovascular crowding. No evidence of focal airspace disease. No definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits given the low lung volumes. No free subdiaphragmatic air. Grossly stable mild degenerative changes of the right lower thoracic spine. No acute pulmonary disease. -year-old male with chest pain. , .
The mediastinal silhouette is widened with overlying sternotomy . The heart size is normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of effusion, infiltrate or pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities. 1. Wide mediastinal , consistent with history of aortic dissection. 2. Otherwise normal chest x-. History of aortic dissection. None.
Changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. 1. No evidence of active disease. Kidney transplant evaluation.
Heart size is at upper limits normal. Mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Left chest wall changes suggest prior thoracotomy. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No focal airspace consolidation. Lightheadedness, shaking, numbness in
Cardio mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. Mildly low lung volumes. No focal infiltrate, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Pain.
Small focal nodular infiltrate in the lingula. Correlate clinically for of infection/pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No edema. Normal heart size. Mediastinal and right lung calcifications are compatible with old granulomatous disease. Right upper abdominal clips from prior cholecystectomy. -year-old with chest pain ,
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture. Bilateral nipple jewelry. Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old male. vehicle accident. None.
Low lung volumes. normal heart size. No pneumothorax. No large effusion. No focal infiltrate. Low lung volumes, no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain. Chest radiograph .
Heart size is within normal limits. Mild prominence pulmonary outflow tract otherwise pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. No edema. No lobar consolidation or pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Cholecystectomy clips are seen in the right upper abdomen. Chest pain, congestion -year-old female
No active disease. DYSPNEA 786.09
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Chest pain. None.
Streaky opacity is noted within the left lung base which may represent focal area of atelectasis. Right lung is grossly clear. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Left lower lobe atelectasis otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. Shortness of breath. Radiographs of the chest from , .
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . None.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain. No comparison studies are currently available.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest. chest pain
Lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. Calcified right upper lobe granuloma unchanged from prior. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bony thorax intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No known , history of asthma, recent with tenderness and chest from .
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest left chest pain pleurisy
Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Heart and pulmonary normal. An indwelling catheter from the left has its tip at the superior . Hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. Chemotherapy for AML.
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. No evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. and .
Chest. Normal heart size. Mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. No focal infiltrates or masses. No pneumothorax or visible pleural fluid. No free intraperitoneal air in the diaphragm. Osseous structures unremarkable. Abdomen: There are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction. No air-fluid levels or free intraperitoneal air. No suspicious calcifications. There is curvature of the thoracolumbar spine. Otherwise the osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. 1. Chest. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Abdomen. Nonobstructive bowel pattern. -year-old male who complains of with inhalation and left-sided chest pain, left mid quadrant pain, concern for stones. PA and lateral chest x- dated .
Heart size is normal. No effusions. interstitial infiltrate in the left lung. Less on the right lung. This may represent lymphangitic spread of carcinoma. Other etiologies may include mycoplasma pneumonia or viral pneumonia. Ordering physician was notified of this finding at the time of the exam. Further evaluation may require CT with IV contrast and high-resolution scans. History of breast cancer.
Lungs are clear. Heart and mediastinum appear normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Negative chest and
Calcified left hilar lymph node. Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old female with , , dyspnea
Heart size is enlarged. Cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged since previous exam. There is blunting of the right costophrenic old pleural scar. Lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. A left upper lobe granuloma appears unchanged. There is kyphosis of the thoracic spine with anterior osteophyte formations. Aortic ectasia is seen in the ascending aorta and the . 1. Cardiomegaly without failure 2. Ectatic aorta chest pain with dyspnea chest 2 views from ,
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. with exertional dyspnea. ,
The cardiac contours are normal. Atherosclerotic aorta. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. Followup lung nodule ,
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 64 female, shortness of breath Chest x- ,
Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female chest pain. Portable chest from .
The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with shortness of breath
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. No focal airspace disease. Left upper lobe granuloma. No evidence of active tuberculosis. Stable chronic blunting of the right costophrenic . No pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Specifically, no evidence of active tuberculosis. Positive PPD. Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral , .
diffuse right lower lobe airspace opacity is present. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. Probable right lower lobe pneumonia. for 3 weeks history colon cancer
The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. There are surgical clips in the right axilla region. No active disease. Preop bladder and kidney surgery.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings. . ,
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. chest pain/dyspnea , .
Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Normal mediastinal contours. Lung parenchyma is clear. No airspace disease. No pulmonary edema. No of pleural effusions. No of active cardiopulmonary disease. CHEST reads screening- bacterial dis, pt does not , unable to obtain history None.
Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. vehicle collision
Compared to prior examination, stent has been removed. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. Stable mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic are noted. There are mildly low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. No acute bony abnormality seen. Interval removal of stent without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with wheezing and dyspnea.. Single AP chest radiograph dated , ..
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest dyspnea and None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is minimal atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Pain behind right shoulder starting today. MRI of right shoulder in . Nausea. , .
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain. Chest radiograph from , .
There is stable cardiomegaly. Right pleural effusion is slightly increased in size. Pulmonary vasculature is persistently enlarged. Prominent interstitium is stable. No focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures intact. Stable cardiomegaly and of interstitial edema with small but increasing right pleural effusion. Shortness of breath
The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The are unremarkable. No radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old male with chest pain. AP chest dated .
1. Widened upper mediastinal silhouette. May represent vascular shadows exaggerated by supine and very lordotic imaging technique. However, the setting of , upper mediastinal hematoma not excluded. Depending on clinical suspicion and mechanism further investigation may be warranted. 2. Mild cardiomegaly appears stable. No edema. No layering pleural effusions, focal consolidation or pneumothorax. , , EtOH ,
The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. There is minimal left basilar atelectasis. There are small bilateral pulmonary nodules measure approximately 5 mm in size in the right midlung and left upper lung . These are not well appreciated on the lateral projection. 1. No focal pulmonary consolidation or effusion. Minimal left basilar atelectasis. 2. Bilateral pulmonary nodules. These were not present on the prior study and may represent sequela of infection, but could represent neoplastic process. Correlation with history of primary malignancy is recommended. Further evaluation of the thorax could be performed, if clinically indicated. Chest pain
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are grossly clear. No acute infiltrate.
Heart size upper limits of normal. Pulmonary vascular engorgement appears within limits of normal. No consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bridging syndesmophytes are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar spine. This could indicate diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. This is similar to prior imaging. No acute changes from prior imaging. and congestion for 3 weeks. .
Mediastinal contours are normal. Unchanged opacity in the left lung base, scarring. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain ,
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. sternotomy noted. Inferior sternotomy is disrupted. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Productive for 2 weeks. Chest x-
Heart size is top normal. Mediastinal silhouette otherwise and pulmonary vascularity are unremarkable. There are no focal infiltrates, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Lower anterior cervical spine fusion . breath. Neck surgery 2 months ago ,
There is hyperexpansion of lungs and flattening of the diaphragm consistent with COPD. No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is a kyphosis and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. No displaced rib fractures. No focal lung consolidation. COPD. No displaced fractures. -year-old with , evaluate for rib fracture.
sternotomy remain in . The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified. 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old male chest pain. Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated .
Heart size is mildly enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Lungs are normally inflated and clear. Mild degenerative changes of the spine. Chronic changes without acute process Chest pain None available
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Calcified left coronary arteries noted. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Calcified left coronary arteries noted. . -year-old , preoperative evaluation for CABG, history of coronary artery disease and dyspnea. None available.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. dyspnea None.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest preop chest x- for abdominal surgery None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. No active disease. Specifically, no radiographic evidence for tuberculosis. TB
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. There are severe arthritic changes of the with mild arthritic changes of the thoracic spine. No acute pulmonary disease. and congestion
Heart size, mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is no lobar consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Chest pain
Mild cardiomegaly. Changes of chronic lung disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Accentuated thoracic kyphosis. Chronic lung disease with no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female shortness of breath and bilateral lower extremity edema. Two-view chest from .
The lung volumes are low. However as compared to the prior study, there are increased perihilar opacities bilaterally. Stable dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine with limited evaluation of the spinal . The tracheostomy tube is in unchanged position. Low lung volumes with slightly increased perihilar opacities bilaterally, infectious etiology. -year-old female with history of myelomeningocele, now presenting with and chest pain
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. No focal lung opacity, pleural effusion of pneumothorax. back pain
Left knee. Moderately severe medial joint space narrowing and spurring. Chest. Heart size normal. Lungs clear. preop total left knee
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma are present. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. 1. No evidence of active disease. History of esophageal carcinoma. Pre-op evaluation. .
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size upper limits of normal, predominantly left ventricular contour ( visualized on lateral projection), pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. . 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Numbness and tingling in the left arm, nausea vomiting None.
Heart size is within normal limits. Tortuous aorta. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. Right lower lung granuloma. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with chest pain. None.
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain None.
Heart size normal. Calcified right hilar lymph . Lungs are clear. No edema or effusion. chest pain.
Low lung volumes. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. Mild degenerate change of the thoracic spine. Stable cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The patient is a -year-old male with chest pain.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings. Chest pain None.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Chest pain. Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral , .
Stable appearing chest. No acute airspace disease or effusions. Stable mediastinal contour. Small conspicuous for size nodular density projecting in region of left costophrenic a calcified granuloma, was visible on chest x- from . No acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. Comparison and , .
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. A right humeral intramedullary is noted incidentally, without evidence of complicating features. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with chest pain None.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with chest pain and shortness of breath since .
AP view was obtained due to patient condition. Low volume lungs. No focal lung consolidation. The heart is not enlarged. No pleural effusion. No acute abnormality. --
No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mildly prominent perihilar opacities, due to bronchovascular crowding. Heart size within normal limits. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is . The bony structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old female with one- history of and None available
In the interval, consolidations have developed in the left upper lobe and both lower lobes. Heart size remains slightly large. Pulmonary normal. Bilateral increasing consolidations, consistent with multifocal pneumonia. . Decreasing saturation. , .
Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact. Normal chest radiograph. -year-old female with chest and left arm pain. None available.
Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. No airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. Right upper quadrant surgical clips. Stable appearance of the chest. No acute cardiopulmonary findings.
Low lung volumes. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Patchy opacities right base again noted. Left lung clear. Heart size top normal. Aortic calcification. Granulomas. No evidence of pneumothorax. Blunting of the bilateral costophrenic . Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Right lower lobe airspace disease. . -year-old female, pain, seen on for right-sided pain and . No improvement. PA and lateral views of the chest dated . CT abdomen and pelvis dated .
There are 2 masses within the right chest, largest over the right heart measuring up to 3.8 x 3.4 cm. The appearance is concerning for metastatic disease, given the history of right-sided breast cancer. . ,
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. -year-old female with x3 months.. None.
No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Normal heart size. Tortuous and dilated aorta. Chronic interstitial markings. Left base opacity. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Left basilar airspace disease. -year-old with shortness of breath. Chest radiograph on .
Heart size, aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. No visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 6 mm nodular opacity overlies the left anterior 5th rib on the frontal view. No focal bony abnormality identified. 1. 6 mm left lung nodular opacity. Recommend comparison with prior images. If prior images are not available than further evaluation with CT chest is recommended. Old chest film from / from was reviewed and the questionable nodule was not seen. Productive . Evaluate for bronchitis. Additionally, history of positive PPD in the . None.
2 images. Moderate thoracic dextroscoliosis, similar to prior imaging. Heart size is normal. No focal airspace consolidation is seen within the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute changes from prior imaging. Choking sensation. Thoracic spine .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures. 1. No acute intrathoracic abnormality. -year-old female with chest pain. None available.
and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. Lungs demonstrate left lower lobe air space opacity with atelectasis without significant change. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. 1. Left lower lobe air space opacities without significant change. Left rib fractures ,
The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Patchy right lower lung opacification is noted. Right basilar airspace disease. -year-old male chest pain. Chest x- single view from .
Heart size is normal. Minimal subsegmental atelectasis in the left base, seen on the lateral film, otherwise lungs are clear. Degenerative disease of thoracic spine. Stable left lower lobe 5 mm granuloma adjacent to the heart . History of implant
There are midline sternotomy and mediastinal clips consistent with prior CABG. The heart is enlarged with unfolding of the aorta. There is prominence of the interstitial markings with fluid in the fissures consistent with interstitial edema. There is no focal airspace opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There multilevel degenerative spine changes. 1. Interstitial pulmonary edema. 2. Cardiomegaly. -year-old male with chest pain. PA and lateral chest radiographs .
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Tortuous aorta with atherosclerotic calcification. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. There are multiple overlying leads at the level of the left lower chest, with overlying or clothing there is this is thought to account for mild increased density the left lung base on AP view, with correlate on lateral view. Degenerative spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. . x2 weeks
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. The aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of hemidiaphragms and increased retrosternal airspace. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. 2. Emphysema and atherosclerosis. -year-old female with COPD. PA and lateral chest radiographs .
Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and within normal limits for size with unchanged atherosclerosis and tortuosity thoracic aorta. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Stable left proximal humeral enchondroma versus remote bony infarct. Stable multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. Calcified granuloma seen anteriorly on lateral view is stable since . No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old woman with shortness of breath and . Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Shortness of breath. Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral , .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is grossly within normal limits. Moderate thoracolumbar scoliosis and patient rotation somewhat limits evaluation of the mediastinum. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. HISTORY OF TOBACCO USE;
There are stable postoperative changes of left thoracotomy and left upper lobectomy. The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. Postoperative changes of left upper lobectomy. No acute findings. -year-old with history of lung cancer, status post surgery. Carcinoid tumor. Chest radiograph
Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. Stable scattered calcified granulomas are noted. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality. No acute abnormality. Frontal chest radiograph dated
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. Negative chest x-. Back pain and None.
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is surgical clips projected over the left lung apex, as well as, over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with chest pain. None.
Mild cardiomegaly. There are a few thin peripheral reticular opacities in the bases compatible with mild edema given mild central venous congestion. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Chest pain, short of breath
Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. Atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic . No abnormal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable biapical lucency and apical scarring, consistent with emphysema. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Shortness of breath Chest x- ,
There is opacity left lung base may represent atelectasis or early infiltrate. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. opacity left lung base.. Wheezing
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. No acute osseous injury demonstrated. No acute related findings. Please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging if clinically indicated. -year-old female, , pain
Heart size and mediastinal contour normal. There is mild diffuse interstitial prominence, worse in the right lung base. This has developed in the interval, and may represent atypical pneumonia. More focal right base airspace disease may represent scar given the stability over time. No lobar consolidation or effusion. No pneumothorax. and for about one , shortness of breath started 4 days ago, some chest pain.
Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. No non-calcified nodules are identified. 1. No evidence of active disease. Kidney cancer. .
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . -year-old female with chest pain, productive Chest
Heart and mediastinum within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute abnormality. -year-old with chest pain. , .
Frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The cardiac silhouette remains markedly enlarged. There is aortic vascular calcification. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Continued severe cardiomegaly and/or pericardial effusion. No acute pulmonary disease process identified. Chest and back pain. , .
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Straightening of the normal thoracic kyphosis. Levocurvature the lumbar spine, incompletely imaged. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Vertigo, headache Chest x- 6/8
The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with chest pain. ,
Mediastinal cardiac size stable. No pneumothoraces or large pleural effusions. Pulmonary granulomas. No acute pulmonary process. No acute displaced rib fractures. chest pain
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. No nodules, masses, effusions, or pneumonia
1. Patchy bilateral opacities, primarily in the lung bases, whose features are most consistent with pneumonia. Aspiration or edema are also possible but less . 2. lung volumes 3. No pneumothorax Shortness of breath
Lower cervical and upper thoracic spinal fixation . Multiple sternotomy . Bilateral calcified granulomas and degenerative change in the spine. The lungs appear clear. for in chest
Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear without focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are intact. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with pain. PA and lateral chest radiographs , .
No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with chest pain None.
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Shortness of breath and . Radiograph Chest PA and Lateral , .
Stable moderate cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours are unchanged. Stable prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature with coarse central interstitial markings. Decreased left basilar airspace disease. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 1. Stable moderate cardiomegaly with prominent central pulmonary vasculature. 2. Improved left basilar atelectasis or infiltrate. Chest pain
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute preoperative findings. Preop bariatric surgery. None.
Clear lungs. No infiltrates or suspicious pulmonary opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain ,
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not enlarged. There are calcified mediastinal lymph . The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. Chest pain
No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified. Stable blunting of the right costophrenic due to pleural thickening/sclerosis. Redemonstration and stable appearance of bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph . Changes in the lungs consistent with COPD/emphysema. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Opacity in the left apex consistent with radiation change seen on prior CT. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process identified. Specifically, no radiographic evidence of aspiration. 2. Stable emphysematous changes, right costophrenic pleural thickening, and bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph . -year-old male with possible aspiration.. Two view chest radiograph dated , ..
There is an S-shaped scoliosis of the thoracic spine. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain
Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. There is widening adjacent to the right paratracheal stripe, most represents the SVC with rotated position. are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. medicine screening
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old female with chest pain. None.
Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary process.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. A single cardiac defibrillator projects over the right ventricle, in stable position. There are sternotomy and surgical clips from prior CABG. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Ischemic cardiomyopathy. , .
The heart is borderline in size. The mediastinum is stable. Small calcified lymph are seen. Dual- left subclavian pacemaker is identified in satisfactory position. The right hemidiaphragm is again elevated. There are streaky areas of atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are seen. 1. Borderline heart size, stable. 2. Interval left subclavian pacemaker placed in satisfactory position. No pneumothorax. ICD/PPM IMPLANT;
No acute osseous abnormality. Degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Soft tissue structures are within normal limits. There is stable enlargement of the heart. Stable prominent mediastinal contours. Central vascular congestion. Mildly low lung volumes bilaterally. Bibasilar and left perihilar airspace opacities. bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. 1. Bilateral airspace disease. 2. Stable enlarged heart and prominent mediastinal contours. -year-old woman with tachycardia Portable chest on .
No acute osseous abnormalities. Mild thoracic spine degenerative changes. Soft tissues are within normal limits. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. 1. No finding suggestive of active disease. -year-old with positive PPD None.
1. Low lung volumes 2. Lungs appear clear 3. Heart and pulmonary are normal 4. Pleural spaces are clear ,786.2 cxr at
A right-sided chest remains in with the distal tip at the level of the mid SVC. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pulmonary nodules or mass lesions identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 1. Right-sided chest in without demonstration of an acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old male with a prior history of throat cancer and radiation presents with reported hemoptysis. Comparisons to chest radiograph examination dated .
Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal. Heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs. chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. . Chest pain. None.
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. The right lung is clear. There is a recurrence moderate-sized left pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Limited right base stringy density compatible with atelectasis. Dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. Recurrent moderate sized left pleural effusion. Pleural effusion Ultrasound guided left thoracentesis , outside
Both lungs remain hyperexpanded. No focal infiltrates. A small pleural or collection is present in the right apex. However, it has decreased considerably since the previous examination. Heart size remains normal. COPD with almost completely resolved right apical pleural air collection. Followup pleural air collection.
The heart size is moderate to severely enlarged. There is prominence of the central pulmonary suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. There has been removal of the right-sided PICC line. There is persistent left basilar airspace opacity with left costophrenic blunting which is not evident on the lateral exam. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. There is no pneumothorax. Moderate-to-severe cardiomegaly with probable pulmonary artery hypertension. Persistent left basilar opacity without significant effusion. -year-old with and shortness of breath. AP chest dated .
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Degenerative disease is seen in the thoracic spine and left . No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female shortness of breath.
No heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. No nodules or masses. Bilateral nipple shadows seen overlying the anterior 6th ribs. Minimal fibrosis in the right apex, may be due to radiation treatment. History of tonsillar cancer in
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. Heart size normal. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old male with right substernal chest pain None available
Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion. Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without fracture. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male status post on right side. None available.
Mild cardiomegaly. Densely calcified aorta. Prominence of the pulmonary outflow and most indicates enlarged pulmonary arteries and raise concern for pulmonary artery hypertension. There is no overt edema. The right diaphragm is elevated, there are small right and left pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Possible . Syncope. ,
Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. No acute or active cardiac, pulmonary or pleural disease. Chest pain. None.
In the interval, the interval, there has been development of multiple nodules in both the upper and lower lobes bilaterally. The previously identified left lower lobe nodule has increased in size. Left hemidiaphragm is slightly elevated, possibly from splinting. The mediastinum remains normal. Heart size normal. Multiple pulmonary nodules consistent with metastases. Chest, abdomen, and pelvis CT with contrast would be helpful for further evaluation. chest pain in , .
PA and lateral views. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear. No effusions, consolidation or pneumothorax. Normal chest xray. Chest pain None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Short of breath None available
3 images. Heart size is normal. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There are costochondral calcifications. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Old left clavicle fracture noted. No acute abnormality identified. Dizziness. None. Clinical
The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with dyspnea for one . None.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion , or focal airspace disease. Heart size within normal limits. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. Bony structures appear intact. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease. No fractures identified. -year-old male status post assault None available
Clear lungs. Enlarged left ventricle. A tortuous dilated aorta. No pneumonia History of syncope
The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Cardiomegaly, but no focal consolidation. -year-old with . , .
The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are grossly clear. Bilateral rib deformities are noted, possibly old fractures. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute disease. Left midaxillary line pain
Patchy airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe. Subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. Patchy right middle lobe and lingular airspace disease compatible with multilobar pneumonia. . Shortness of breath for the and half. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Chest pain x2 days. Vomiting. None.
Heart size normal. Slight tortuous aorta. The lungs are clear. No effusions or edema History of hypertension.
There are changes of prior midline sternotomy with surgical clips consistent with CABG, and stable mild cardiomegaly. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with dyspnea. AP portable chest radiograph dated , .
1. Worsening bilateral lower lobe opacities which are most due to enlarging bilateral pleural effusions. Superimposed lower lobe airspace abnormalities are possible. Negative for pneumothorax. 2. Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. 3. Left upper extremity PICC terminates in the lower SVC. . Hypoxia; , .
No comparison chest x-. Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. HISTORY OF HISTOPLASMOSIS ON TNF - -
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. None.
1. Heart size, mediastinal silhouette and vascularity normal. No lobar consolidation, pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. 2. Approximately 1 cm right middle lobe nodular opacity. Not showing benign type calcification, consider followup of the chest for characterization. Left chest pain
The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There is mild calcification of the aortic , consistent with atherosclerosis. The lung volumes are low, with bronchovascular crowding. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Moderate degenerative changes of the spine. 1. Low lung volume study, no acute pulmonary process. -year-old with dyspnea. AP and lateral chest .
Stable left lower lung increased interstitial markings. No focal alveolar opacities. Low lung volumes. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. Stable left lower lung interstitial infiltrates or fibrosis. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old female with dyspnea. PA and lateral views of the chest from .
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. There is stable mild deformity of the lower thoracic vertebral body. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with productive . Chest radiograph , .
Compared to prior chest radiograph from , there has been removal of right-sided tunneled dialysis catheter. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. Mildly increased atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. 1.0 cm nodular opacity in the left midlung is stable compared to prior examination from . No nodules, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. There are bilateral pleural effusions posteriorly. There is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion without pulmonary edema. No acute bony abnormality. Central pulmonary vascular congestion without edema, consolidation. bilateral pleural effusions. -year-old with positive PPD. Two-view chest radiograph dated , .
Postop changes of CABG with mild cardiomegaly. There is an infiltrate in the right lower lobe. Thoracic spondylosis. Right lower lobe infiltrate. In the appropriate clinical setting this appearance is compatible with pneumonia. Consider followup PA and lateral chest x- in 4-6 weeks to ensure resolution and exclude an underlying mass. Esophageal carcinoma, shortness of breath in ,
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. 1. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Peripheral vascular disease, preoperative evaluation. Chest x- .
Unchanged cardiomegaly. Negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation. No large effusion. Mildly prominent interstitial opacities. Stable cardiomegaly with mild pulmonary interstitial edema. -year-old female, dyspnea. Chest x-,
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. No pleural effusion is seen. No pneumothorax is identified. No discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. Right -a- has been inserted since the previous study. The tip projects over the lower superior . 1. No evidence of active disease. Cancer of the appendix. .
Eventration of the left diaphragm is noted. Question left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. No evidence of pneumothorax. Generalized lung volumes. No definite pleural effusions. Heart size within normal limits. Osseous structures intact. Generalized low lung lungs with eventration of the left hemidiaphragm. Question concomitant left basilar opacity, may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. -year-old male, chest pain.
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The patient is a -year-old female with left-sided chest pain. None.
Diffuse, right greater than left, interstitial opacities. Central vascular congestion. No pneumothorax or focal consolidation. No pleural effusion. Heart size normal. Bilateral interstitial opacities and central vascular congestion interstitial edema. -year-old female with shortness of breath. None.
The heart, pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with rectal bleeding for 2 . for 5 months. Nonsmoker. Two views of the chest dated .
[&lt;The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable and within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.&gt;] Extensive left upper quadrant splenic calcification may reflect old granulomatous disease -year-old with syncope. Medical . ,
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal suggests possible right versus dextrocardia. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. 2. Abnormal configuration of the heart and mediastinum suggestive of right aortic versus dextrocardia. -year-old with positive PPD.. None.
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Shortness of breath. , .
Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female with dyspnea. None available.
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old female with x1
Heart size normal.No significant change in left base airspace disease and small effusion. Small residual right pneumothorax. Increased right base atelectasis.Catheter overlying the right mediastinum may be outside the patient is. Left chest tube removal at a.m.
Normal heart size. Bibasilar patchy opacities, left greater than right. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. Left-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. No significant pulmonary edema. Low lung volumes. Exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis with evidence of lower thoracic vertebral body the deep opacities. Multiple mild vertebral body wedge deformities in the mid thoracic spine. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Multiple bilateral rib fractures, some of which appear old. Interval deformity of the vertebral body the level of the two vertebroplasty . 1. Moderate left basilar lung consolidation with mild right basilar opacities, which may represent infection and/or atelectasis. 2. Bilateral rib fractures, most of which appear old. 3. Interval vertebral body deformity in the lumbar spine since . . -year-old with none
There are mildly diminished lung volumes. Cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. The lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with dyspnea. None.
No active disease.. r/o tb
There are scattered opacities in the left lower lobe. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. There is prominence of the right and left hilum representing enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality. 1. Left lower lobe opacities representing pneumonia. 2. Enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries raising the question of pulmonary hypertension. -year-old female, chest pain. None.
There are low lung volumes. The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour appear within normal limits. No acute abnormality demonstrated. -year-old female with nausea. History of Hodgkin's lymphoma.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. Chest pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal . Negative for acute abnormality. -year-old female. Shortness of breath. , .
Chest. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs. The right lung base is excluded from view. No visualized consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size is unremarkable. Abdomen. There are multiple air filled nondilated loops of small and large bowel. There is extensive stool seen throughout the descending colon. Supine examinations are limited for evaluation of pneumoperitoneum. There is bilateral hip degenerative change. Chest 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Abdomen 1. Nonspecific bowel pattern without evidence of obstruction. -year-old with abdominal pain. CT chest , and chest radiograph , .
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears normal. There is no focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Asthma ,
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable. Bibasilar air space opacities have significantly improved. The lungs remain hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic . There is no pneumothorax. Stable postsurgical changes of esophagectomy with improved bibasilar airspace opacities/atelectasis. Esophageal Cancer
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. epigastric pain , .
The heart is is at the upper limits of normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. year old male with chest pain. None.
Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old male with .
The heart is enlarged, stable compared to the previous exam. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The are unremarkable. 1. Stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male with chest pain Chest radiograph ,
Normal cardiac contour. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Clear lungs bilaterally. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female with . Chest radiograph /.
There is stable, mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. Stable mediastinal silhouette. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Scattered opacities in the right lung base representing foci of subsegmental atelectasis with scattered airspace opacities in the medial left lower lobe. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine possibly consistent with DISH. 1. Low lung volumes with mild cardiomegaly and scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis and scattered retrocardiac airspace opacities. -year-old female with presyncope. Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated .
The examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Multilevel thoracic spondylosis is again demonstrated.. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Chest pain. CT chest .
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Right chest tip in the low SVC. Right granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings. Chest pain. None.
Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Low lung volumes without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Multilevel degenerative changes in the spine. Negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old male with abdominal pain. None.
Heart size is normal and lungs are clear. No pneumonia or effusion. No nodules or masses. altered mental status.
Examination is somewhat limited, the costophrenic and posterior costophrenic sulci are excluded. Patient is rotated to the right. Heart size upper limits normal, but stable. Mediastinal contour is grossly unremarkable. Lung parenchyma is clear, no focal airspace consolidation. No large effusion, no visible pneumothorax within the limits of the study. 1. Exam somewhat limited, costophrenic excluded. 2. Stable mild cardiomegaly. 3. Clear lungs. -year-old male, and dizziness. .
Comparison , . Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. Stable chest. ,786.2
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Chest pain.
There is a in the left chest with catheter tip terminating in the superior . The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, similar to prior study. There is minimal pulmonary vascular congestion. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are stable mild interstitial lung changes, which could be related to chronic edema or fibrosis. Stable cardiomegaly. No acute infiltrate or effusion. Seizure
Heart size normal. Lungs clear. normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest dyspnea. None.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiac abnormality. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. No active infectious/tuberculous process. -year-old woman, long-term care placement.. None.
Hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Heart size within normal limits. No pneumothorax. Hyperinflated lungs, air trapping versus inspiratory . Chest pain, palpitations
Slight cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear. No rib abnormalities are seen. The lower ribs are not adequately imaged to rule out pathology on the chest film left false rib .
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Left-sided PICC line has been placed in the interval with tip in the innominate vein. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality.. 2. Interval placement of left-sided PICC line with tip in the innominate vein. -year-old male with chest pain.. Single view chest radiograph dated , ..
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. INDICATION: PAIN;
Comparison , Well-expanded and clear lungs. Mediastinal contour within normal limits. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. chest pain and .
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Atherosclerotic calcifications about the aortic . No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Dextroconvex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Preop
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph . There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. No acute pulmonary disease. Chest pain due to indigestion.
The trachea is midline. The heart is large, unchanged from prior exam. Slightly widened mediastinum, secondary to cardiomegaly and a tortuous aorta, is accentuated by AP portable technique. There are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. The lungs do not demonstrate focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. 1. Low volume study without acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . The patient is a -year-old woman with dyspnea. Chest x-, single view portable from , .
Stable position of the aortic stent with a normal cardiac silhouette and clear lungs. Status post aortic stent ,
The cardiac contours are normal. Aortic calcification. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute process. Cardiac stents, preop None.
A cardiac pacemaker/defibrillator device is redemonstration of the left chest wall with a single projecting over the right atrium and 2 leads projecting over the right ventricle. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, unchanged. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. . year old male status post cardiac defibrillator device placement presents for evaluation. Comparison is to chest radiograph examination dated at .
Lungs are overall hyperexpanded consistent with obstructive lung disease. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses are noted. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal. Hyperexpanded but clear lungs. Prostate cancer
The heart size is normal. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. The are normal in appearance. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old female with symptoms. PA and lateral chest radiographs .
The cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no definite focal infiltrate. There is no large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. and sweats. None.
The heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace opacities. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. . -year-old female with and syncope
Normal heart size. No of pleural effusions. There appears to be generalized mild interstitial changes in both lungs. Similar changes appear to have been present scan focused on the abdomen . For more detailed evaluation of the lung parenchyma consider with high resolution technique. There are no of acute airspace disease. No lung masses visualized. Visualized bony structures have normal appearance. occasional , no other chest complaints. pre-op eye surgery. .
Left PICC line remains in . The tip projects over the upper SVC. It has moved outward since the previous study. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Previously present left base airspace disease has cleared. There is blunting of the right costophrenic which may represent small amount of pleural effusion or pleural reaction. Some scattered bandlike opacities are present which appear to represent scars. Degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder. 1. Blunting of the right costophrenic . This may represent pleural effusion or pleural reaction. 2. Clearing of left base airspace disease. 3. Outward of PICC line. Tip now projects over upper SVC. Hemorrhage, post-op change.
Heart size within normal limits. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old male, , of breath
The heart size is upper limits of normal. The pulmonary and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. -year-old with preop evaluation for rhinoplasty on . Two views of the chest dated .
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest chest pain.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. -year-old with history of smoking. None.
There is a stable closure device projected over the heart. The heart and mediastinum are otherwise normal. There is stable scarring of left mid lung. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no infiltrate, effusion, mass or pneumothorax. Stable appearance of the chest
Cardiomegaly. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact. Levocurvature of the thoracic spine. Lumbar vertebral body stabilization . 1. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. 2. Cardiomegaly. . -year-old female, right heart failure. PA lateral views the chest dated .
Cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Interval worsening of the moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis with mild exaggeration of normal thoracic kyphosis. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary process. 2. Interval worsening of moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. . -year-old female history of tetralogy of Fallot s/p repair. Chest PA and lateral /.
The bony thorax is intact and the heart size is normal. The lung are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. We again note the left hilar calcifications that are unchanged from the prior studies. Negative chest. Chest pain.
Mediport catheter seen on the right with the tip in the mid SVC. The lungs appear to be clear. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No active disease. Bladder cancer. , .
There is increased size of left pneumothorax, with partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. This pneumothorax measures up to 3.5 cm in maximum width at the apex. There is no significant mediastinal shift. The right lung remains clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is a small left pleural effusion/hemothorax. No focal air space opacities. No free subdiaphragmatic air. 1. Increased size of left pneumothorax, with partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. 2. Small left pleural effusion/hemothorax. Reevaluate pneumothorax. Stab wound. , at p.m..
There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, epigastric pain, .
The lungs appear clear. There are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or infiltrates. The heart and pulmonary appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is a left-sided tunneled catheter, the distal tip at the mid superior level. No acute cardiopulmonary disease. Preprocedure evaluation prior to bone marrow transplant
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary process. -year-old male, . .
Apical lordotic frontal view. Considering differences in technical factors stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Dense left lower lung nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute findings -year-old male, dizziness,
Catheter tip mid SVC. Heart size is normal. No acute alveolar or interstitial infiltrates. The 9th posterior lateral right rib is slightly expanded and this may be the site of an old healed fracture. Otherwise no acute rib fractures seen. Bone scan may be informative rib pain
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Masslike opacification of right apex. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. are grossly normal. Worsening masslike opacification of right apex, suggesting worsening malignancy or malignancy with postobstructive pneumonia. -year-old male. . CT chest, dated , .
Unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is mildly enlarged. Mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine anterior osteophytes noted inferiorly. Pulmonary artery prominence. 1. Mild cardiomegaly. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. The patient is a -year-old female with chest.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old with history of testicular cancer, now with nightsweats and fatigue.. Two-view chest radiograph dated , ..
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No acute disease. , headaches and difficulty breathing
1. Chest. No visible active cardiopulmonary disease. 2. Left hip. Advanced posttraumatic osteoarthritis. / total hip chest , . Left hip , . Chest. Both lungs remain clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum are normal. The femoral has been removed. Two acetabular adaptation plates remain in . The left hip joint is almost completely obliterated. Large osteophytes are present on the femoral neck and acetabular .
AP and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The heart is normal size. Mediastinum is unremarkable. Lungs are hypoinflated but clear. No focal consolidation is seen. No acute disease MVC
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. No acute findings. Two weeks of coughing None.
Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. Chest pain. None.
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Sternotomy overlie the heart. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . S/P . Aortic stenosis Chest 2 views. .
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Spondylosis of the midthoracic spine with large anterior osteophyte formations. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old female, preop evaluation
The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. There is a streaky opacity within the right upper lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. Right upper lobe infiltrate consistent with pneumonia. -year-old male, . None.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses. Normal chest
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are well-inflated and grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There is a -A- terminating in the superior . There are surgical clips in the left breast and axilla. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. Pain, back spasms. History of breast cancer. Chemotherapy one ago. , .
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. There is biapical scarring. No acute infiltrate is seen. Emphysema without acute disease. 60XXXX with and loss
The heart and lungs have in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No active disease. , .
Chest: The heart is normal size with normal appearance of the cardia mediastinal silhouette. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are mild degenerative changes and thoracic spine. Right knee: There are severe tricompartmental degenerative changes with obliteration of the joint spaces. There is no fracture or dislocation. Left knee: There is joint space loss most prominent in the medial compartment. The of lateral view and limits evaluation for an effusion or the patellofemoral joint space. There is no fracture or dislocation. Chest: No acute cardiopulmonary finding. Right knee: Severe tricompartmental degenerative changes without fracture or dislocation. Left knee: Severe medial compartment degenerative changes. -year-old female, preoperative assessment for total knee arthroplasty.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative endplate changes of the spine. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Chest pain
Left lower lobe segment pneumonia. Heart size normal. Lungs otherwise clear. No effusion
The lungs hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine. No evidence of active disease. Pain
Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. and soft tissues are unremarkable. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . -year-old female with altered mental status, unresponsive. None.
The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The bony structures are normal. No acute cardiopulmonary finding. -year-old male with chest pain. AP portable chest radiograph ; PA and lateral chest radiographs .
Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Bilateral hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy. The appearance is unchanged. There is prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally. These are also unchanged. No focal superimposed airspace disease is seen. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. 1. Continued hilar fullness consistent with adenopathy and bilateral interstitial opacities. Stable as compared to earlier study. The changes are compatible with known diagnosis of sarcoidosis. Sarcoidosis. .
The lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Patchy airspace disease is present in the right middle lobe. Degenerative changes are present spine. 1. Hyperexpanded lungs suggesting emphysema. 2. Patchy right middle lobe airspace disease. May represent pneumonia. Followup examination is suggested following treatment to confirm clearing of the opacities. A 4 to 6 post treatment interval film would be reasonable to allow clearing of inflammatory opacities. None available for review
No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. 1. No acute cardiopulmonary findings. -year-old with and for one . Chest radiograph , .
Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. No acute cardiopulmonary process. Upper back pain, hoarseness, history of chronic pancreatitis and asthma None.
Normal heart size. Stable unfolding the thoracic aorta. No focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. -year-old male, hypertension, chest pain Chest x- ,
The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. 786.50 hypertension. Radiograph chest PA and Lateral , .
Normal heart size. Mild unfolding and atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. No focal air space consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. -year-old female, dizziness, headache. Chest 2 views ,
Heart size moderately enlarged. Mild left costophrenic blunting. Streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, left greater than right. Right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. 1. Cardiomegaly and small left pleural effusion versus pleural thickening 2. Streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities may be compatible with atelectasis versus consolidation, aspiration, clinical correlation recommended -year-old female, chest pain
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. No acute pulmonary disease. vehicle accident with left shoulder pain.
Normal heart size. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. No focal bony abnormality. No acute cardiothoracic abnormality. -year-old male with epigastric pain. 8 08.
There is a left basilar airspace opacity. Right basilar atelectasis. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The are intact. 1.There is a left basilar airspace opacity, which is concerning for pneumonia. 2. Right basilar atelectasis. -year-old male with and . None.
The lungs appear clear. The thoracic aorta remains tortuous. The presence of an aortic aneurysm cannot be excluded on this study . A there are calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph suggesting prior histoplasmosis infection. The pleural spaces are clear. 1. Stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. The presence of an underlying aneurysm cannot be excluded. 2. Clear lungs ,786.2 at
No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. Calcified granuloma in the anterior left lower lobe. are intact. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . The patient is a -year-old male with kidney transplant evaluation. None.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. Anxiety and difficulty breathing None available.
No acute osseous abnormality. Stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. 1. No acute radiographic cardiopulmonary or osseous process. -year-old woman with back pain Chest radiograph on
No acute osseous abnormalities. Left midlung, and basilar streaky opacity. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No pneumothorax. Small calcified 8 cm granuloma adjacent to the right diaphragm within the right chest. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute osseous abnormalities. If continued clinical concern for rib fracture dedicated rib films will be helpful. Left midlung, and left basilar streaky opacity may represent atelectasis. , rib pain. None.
Heart size within normal limits. Right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No acute cardiopulmonary findings -year-old male, pain
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. No acute preoperative findings. Preop bariatric surgery None.
Prior sternotomy. Midline sternotomy . Normal heart size. Vascular congestion. No overt edema or lobar pneumonia. No pleural effusion. . ,
The heart is mildly enlarged. Left hemidiaphragm is elevated. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Borderline cardiomegaly without acute disease. Edema
Similar mild cardiomegaly. Of the pulmonary vascularity is prominent. No focal consolidations or effusions. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Mild cardiomegaly with of early failure. -year-old male with chest pain, positive troponin Portable chest x- ,
The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and expansion of the retrosternal clear space. Compared with prior exam, there has been interval resolution of previously demonstrated bibasilar infiltrates. There is minimal scarring or atelectasis in the right midlung. There is no focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. 1. Interval resolution of bibasilar airspace disease. 2. Hyperinflation with chronic changes of emphysema. . Nausea, vomiting x2 weeks. Dialysis patient. , .
The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are endplate changes in the spine. Clear lungs. No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. . None.
Heart size within normal limits. Small, nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. This does not look like an acute infiltrate, and more represents a granuloma. No pneumothorax or effusions. No acute findings, no evidence for active TB. -year-old male with positive PPD. None available.
Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. tuberculosis positive PPD
The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The mediastinum and perihilar structures appear unremarkable. The lungs appear clear. The osseous structures are within normal limits. This is a -year-old female patient with shortness of breath. Chest x-, , .
